 Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SKd2cchGd4
Expert: Jasmin Alic and Lara Acosta
Date collected: June 2026

---

What if you didn't have to pay for a course? What if you didn't have to pay for coaching? What if you didn't have to
wait for every single answer you've been waiting for in order to start building your personal brand on LinkedIn? What if
you could just sit? Well, today we're live in Bosnia with my good friend Yasmin Alec, Fortune 500 copywriter,
over 350,000 followers on LinkedIn, and today we're in front of 50 people from
20 different countries live. And we're going to be answering every single one of their [music] questions from the
algorithm, from how to create content, from what content actually gets leads, and every other question that people
have been gatekeeping from you. [music] But we're not. So, Yasmin, are you ready? Born ready. Let's go. The LinkedIn algorithm. Oh,
that's a short answer. No one knows how the LinkedIn algorithm works. I feel like the one thing about the LinkedIn algorithm is we try we do our best. We
do our best to understand it. Like we do our best to draw inferences and to kind of deduce things. I'm using big words,
but no one really knows how it works because LinkedIn doesn't want to let us in on that information ever. I was at
the LinkedIn offices. I was at the headquarters in New York City. I asked. No one knows. Not even the employees know how it works. But again, we as
creators, as coaches, as people who have a little bit of more insight than the
average LinkedIn user, we genuinely do notice certain things that are happening that not everyone can notice. So, as far
as the LinkedIn algorithm hacks and videos that are concerned, it's almost never almost never LinkedIn confirmed
information, but it is user confirmed information. I feel like that's a distinction that needs to be made right
at the beginning of this conversation. I think that what's caused all of this controversy recently around the LinkedIn
algorithm came after the release of 360 Brew the paper that got released 8 pages
42 sentences long and it caused a lot of confusion more so than clarity and it was released by LinkedIn's technical
team officially but then later it was withdrawn then it was found in archives where people were able to draw their own
conclusions now I read this paper back and forth many times because I was doing a script for a an algorithm video the
conclusion that I arrived to is that not even the LinkedIn engineers understand human psychology and what the paper says
versus what is true at hand actually doesn't make sense because what you and I see versus what these papers confirm
is very different because ultimately when these engineers are creating the new algorithms and how you know now it's
just instead of different little algorithms it's just one that doesn't take into account human psychology and
how everyone in this room you and I interact with each other's posts because you cannot not engineer that. Surely it
can help. Yes. And yes, some posts may get a lot more reach. But if we're just following from these data points and
saying that educational content is the best content is the only content that's going viral. Yet via our own research
after we spend what 5 10 hours on the platform every single day. We notice what goes viral. It is not just
educational content. It's actually memes, stories, and even comments or two cents. Yes, algorithm updates are there,
but they are not the only update that you should be thinking about. Like you say, LinkedIn is not B2B, it's not B2C,
is H2, which is humans to human, guys, always for at the end of the day, we're dealing
with humans. You guys are engaging with our content. And I think when we are optimizing for human interaction rather
than just mechanics, things actually work and you build a truly authentic personal brand without having to suffer
with the authentic type of content that actually doesn't. And that's exactly it, right? Like we talk about the algorithm as if there's
some sort of set of rules that we have to follow as humans and it's like someone else controls it but it's like
literally the other way around. What is an algorithm? An algorithm is just a result of human behavior. Like we the
users create the algorithm, right? It's like we love a good meme. We love a good joke. So it's not LinkedIn pushing
memes. It's not LinkedIn making memes go viral. It's us as people. We're reacting to it. So naturally, the more you react
to it, you're going to start to draw in more content that is exactly like that. If you react to more memes in the feed,
you're going to start to see more memes in the feed. If you react to more educational, businessy, niche content,
you're going to start to see more of that in your feed as well. So I feel like this whole conversation about, oh, what's the latest algorithm update? The
question is, how have we the users been behaving recently? That's the question. It's almost like for me, like when I
said I said this on a recent podcast and it got a lot of engagement. Someone asked me what changed recently on
LinkedIn because you've been here for years and years and years. I'm like nothing's changed in the last 5 years. And there was like complete silence for
like good two to three seconds. Like what do you mean nothing's changed? We keep seeing new algorithm, new update,
new this, new that. And I'm like literally nothing's changed. Every piece of content, every bit of behavior that
has worked 5 years ago on LinkedIn on social media in general still works. It's just certain trends, the music, the
style, the colors, again, the type of humor that exists on the internet. It's only that that changes. But what's
underneath the behavior, the kind of content, the psychology behind the content. Like if you can write a good hook, it's the same style that worked in
2000 as it is, you know, 20 years and 30 years later, it's the same style because it's all psychology. It has nothing to
do with algorithms. If you're looking at what makes a good image, what makes a good photo, like I talked to you guys
about this a lot about distractions in the photos, right? Like make sure you center your face like the rule of two/3s. Make sure it's not completely in
center. It's like off access a little bit on the first line if you're looking at 2/3. It's like it's psychology. These
are evergreen principles and no algorithm can change this. Especially with LinkedIn, I feel like you and I know this. There was a time when there
was only textonly content, right? And we were doing a lot more textonly content. But then LinkedIn came
out and said, "We are building a LinkedIn feed. LinkedIn said it." Now imagine what the consequence is. Like
what could possibly be the consequence of a platform telling you, "Hey, we're going to push more video." Naturally,
what do people do? they create more video. So then it's like, "Oh, video is popping. Video is like getting some love
from LinkedIn." I'm like, "No, it's not. It's just that people started creating more video." See how this works? It's almost never the algorithm. It's just
our behavior. And yes, human behavior kind of changes over time, year-over-year with trends. That is the
key part, with trends. But human behavior in terms of psychology in its essence, in terms of how we think, in
terms of how the brain reacts to certain things, this hasn't changed for hundreds and thousands of years. Worth
remembering whenever you see a conversation about the algorithm, remember that it's almost never the
algorithm. It's us and our behavior. Talking about psychology and human behavior, there is this bias that I like
thinking about is called novelty bias. And I recommend every person watching this and you guys in the audience to
think about it. Anytime you see a new update, brand new LinkedIn playbook, new way to get leads, how often do we see
these online, multiple times? Why do we see them? And more so force yourself to think, why do we click on it every
single time? Because we are consistently thinking about the next best way to do something. And hence why when we see the
new algorithm report, the new algorithm trend, the new algorithm PDF with 80
pages saying the same thing but covered under the disguise that is for 2026, 2027, 2028 forever. We are almost forced
via our brain like main dominant brain to think oh there must be a new hack that I can use to get ahead and in
reality is that we as humans we want to look for shortcuts and that's normal and that's fine. But when you understand
that in reality there is no shocker to build a million-dollar business, a multi-,000 follower personal brand, and
there is just psychology, good content, and great positioning. You understand what you need to do faster, and you'll
stop getting distracted by this new shaggy object syndrome of, oh, LinkedIn just released this video feed. Now I
have to learn how to create video and I have to be the best at doing video forever. It's not that. is how do I use
what I currently have to adapt to the trends that are currently happening while still using the same thing that I'm still doing in order to still kind
of like benefit from these new algorithm trends. For example, Yasmin and I do this very often, but we do it with a lot
of tact so we don't clickbait people in. So, there was this post that Jasmine did, I think two months ago, and it was
like, I went to the LinkedIn headquarters. Here's everything I know about the algorithm. And then it was a listical with 10 things. In the 10
things, they were like, one, they have great LinkedIn headquarters. two, they love burgers, too. And three, something
else. Are you going to pull up? I could pull that post up. And in reality, Yasmin was taking advantage of that novelty effect, but
also kind of taking the piss in a very British sense at all of these algorithm hacks and trends because there is no
news when we go to the LinkedIn headquarters. You and I have been to the LinkedIn headquarters over like four times each. Do we learn anything? No. Do
we teach them stuff? Yes. Because what we learned is that the LinkedIn headquarters and the people around it,
they're not essentially us. Like they're not addicted to the platform. They're looking at it from a business lens and a
marketing lens from the outside. How to sell Sales Navigator to more businesses. How to do that rather than the algorithm
saying this. They don't know. I found the post by the way. What did it say? The hook was here's what I learned at LinkedIn headquarters. And the rehook
said including stuff about the new Algo. You see what I've done? New Algo, right?
So you have a reason to click. I said new for a reason because people are again always looking for that latest
hack, that latest trend. So, here's a list of 10 things. Number one, they have the best fries I've tried in New York
City. Number two, they have logos in different colors on every floor. Number three, nobody knows how the LinkedIn algorithm works. And then number four,
the Empire State Building entrance is massive. Number five, not a single soul mentioned video to me. But you see what
I'm doing? I'm literally not click baiting people. I said, "Here's what I learned at LinkedIn headquarters, and
I'm sharing my experience." And there was just one line to get you curious that said, including stuff about the new
AL. I didn't say, "Here's a breakdown. Here's a strategy doc. Here's a PDF." I never said that. So, out of the 10
things I mentioned, only two were like, "Oh, we were looking for this answer." And I'm like, "Nope, you're not going to
get it because even I can't get it. I can't get that answer because no one knows that answer, right?" So, it's like you kind of got to make fun of the fact
that everyone wants to truly deeply really get information outside of
LinkedIn, right? You want to talk to them. You want to talk to the people who work there and you want to get a 100%
certain answer that says, "Here's what to do. 1 2 3. Here's how you can get the most success on our platform." And you
know what? You're never going to get that answer. Trust me, I've tried. I've been trying for the last 5 years. Never have I gotten a single piece of insight
where it's like 100% certainty. Let me ask you a question. How does a top voice badge on LinkedIn get awarded?
Wait, do you have a top voice badge? I don't have a top voice. Oh, me neither. But congratulations. How many do you have? How many followers you have?
I have no clue. 358441 at the time of recording. No top voice badge. No top voice.
How many people do you think you have converted to the platform? Goodness gracious. But here's the funny part. recently,
like a couple of months ago, LinkedIn did this purge of top voice badges and they removed a lot of top voice badges
for a lot of people. I can't tell you how many people messaged me and they were like, "Yasm mean you lose your top voice badge?"
Yeah. And I'm like, I never had it. So, my point is, you can be a top voice of the platform without a freaking blue badge.
The badge is just meaningless colorful thing you put on your profile to make, you know, to make you feel good about yourself, but ultimately it's your
audience who decides. It's the business that you build. It's the amount of money you make from the business and that
authority that creates a top voice when people follow. Heck, what are we doing here? We got people from 20 countries
who flew for no other reason than to hang out, right? To meet me, to meet Laura in person, to see Bosnia, and to
see each other, to meet in person. So, it's like to you guys, to each and every one of you, you are top voices. You are
literally top voices to each other. And do you really need a blue badge to verify that? No. The answer is always
going to be no. I feel like the point that we're trying to make is we always look for shortcuts somehow for whatever reason. It's human nature to look for
shortcuts to find that shiny new thing that works and then we want to try it and we want it to work for us. But it's
like there's just certain things about human behavior that will never change that have never changed. So instead of
focusing on trends and hacks, let's just study a little bit more about psychology, about user behavior, right?
Let's read those books that are evergreen. Right? I always talk about the book don't make me think. influenced by Robert Chelini.
Influenced by Robert Chelini. There you go. I feel like it's these timeless principles of human behavior. This one
talks about how to genuinely influence people in the right way and how to stay top of mind and how to never leave the
mind of the people you want to impress, convert, and keep in your life. That's
influence. The book that I mentioned, don't make me think. It's a freaking UX UI book about behavior in the online
world. But when you're looking at like websites and landing pages and how we behave, where do our eyes go? How much
how fast do we scroll and where do we click, that is literally user behavior that then you can apply to any platform
out there. So let's study a little bit more of that, right? Let's really fall in love with psychology again. But let's really fall in love with writing, the
craft of writing. And I feel like this is the perfect time to kind of segue into AI. Yes or no? Cuz I know you have
some thoughts on it cuz you already have an AI writing tool. Yeah, I have a different perspective on it and you know it. I'm not against that, but I
feel like it's a great conversation to be had. AI versus not AI. Let's go. I'm the non AI team. You know this.
I know this. Do you want to fight? I don't want to fight because you're going to lose. Yo, I can't lose. I always win.
Of course, it's you versus you, so you always win. That was the quote. Period. You dropped it in a post a couple years ago. Feel like that's also one more
thing that is kind of a timeless conversation. How much do we really start to trust other things? Not even
going to say tools and AI, whatever it is, cuz it's always going to be something new. How much do we trust other things? Yes, things versus our own
brain. The more AI evolves, the more we lose touch with our own thoughts. It's
not the end result that matters in this conversation. The end result is ultimately you're going to get to it, right? Whether with or without AI,
you're going to get to the end result. You're going to determine, hey, this is good enough for me. I'm going to put it out there. Then the audience decide,
okay, it's good enough. You're going to put perfect. But I feel like what's a very terrifying conversation to be had
is the first step of that process. Who does the thinking? Whose end product is it really? Right. Right. And that is
exactly why I wanted to talk about this cuz it's a tough conversation. It's not tough for me. It's actually quite dramatic in my opinion.
Oh, let's go. Let's just We are I want to hear where you are. First fight, but you're going to see us like in our hour. First fight for alive. Oh, that's fine.
FYI, Jasine and I fight literally every single day. So, it's not new for us. All right. So, my case for AI content. The
winners of the future are the people that use AI when they have previous expertise that they can turn into AI
generated content. The losers are going to be the people that over rely on AI to create their own thoughts because
they've never really thought a unique singular idea by themselves. So people like you and I, people like the people
in this room that have done the work, that have had clients, that have had, you know, build their own framework. Some of you guys are authors, some of
you guys are coaches, some of you guys are students. You've learned enough to be able to put that specific expertise
into an AI model and let it write your own expertise for you in a more concise,
tangible, LinkedIn friendly formatted way that two to three years ago would have taken every single one of you hours
or months, no not even months or even years to learn like how many of you took like I don't know over 5 months to
understand how to write a good hug like raise your hands. Yeah, many of you. How many of you like still are struggling to understand how to format a good post or
how to write it? Yeah, so many of you like when you have your expertise put into one document and then you are able
to enable AI to do the hard work for you because you guys are busy. You guys run
businesses, some of you guys are parents and I think that is what AI is enabling to do for people save time while is
remaining an expert. We're not intending to remove that expertise part because we've seen what happens and it just
creates generic. But when you put an authority that just doesn't want to
spend the hours that we spent learning copywriting into it, they can actually win. And I've seen it firsthand. Like
I've seen some of our clients at Creo get their first viral post and as well as I know the power of being seen for
the first time and the outstanding effect that it can do for someone's visibility and also your ego. Like you
feel good, you finally feel seen. And I think that is the role of Cleo. It's not to take over your brain. is to enable it
to go faster and do better. Perfect point. Now, here's me being the devil's advocate there in that scenario.
Everything you've described is about learning and understanding and making it easier. Correct? Right. Cuz it's like
it's going to save you time. Correct. AI should help you with that. That's what you should use it for. Also, for context, I'm not against AI. I've never
been against AI. I'm just against this one piece of the process. One piece. Everything you describe, there's
learning things. Do use AI. It's going to save you a lot of time. Right. In the past, you literally had to go to four years of university. Now, you can just
ask AI to summarize something for you and literally explain it to you in your style of learning. That's crazy. You're
going to learn it. Hey, check. Do use it for that. Save yourself time. Save yourself a bunch of stress and money. Number two, learning and understanding
go hand in hand. So, number one, learning for the first time, then understanding it. You're going to be iterating a lot. But then comes the
application part. And this is exactly where I start to have a problem with people, not AI, with people. There's
creating your own thoughts. And there's managing thoughts created by AI. I have a problem with the other one. This is
just me being very personal. I coach a lot of people. I've coached hundreds of people all over the world. And I hate
seeing people not use their brains. It's like if someone else creates the thoughts for you and then you manage the
thoughts so that it sounds like you, bro, why didn't you just think for yourself in the first place? Cuz if you can manage the thoughts and you know
exactly what to convey, why didn't you do it in the first place? It's like it almost takes more time. That's the only part of the process that I have a
problem with. the creation part. It's like 2% of the process. 98% is good AI
usage. The 2% is what I have a problem with. Who creates the thoughts? And we're already seeing this. There's
research out there that suggests the signal that it takes to get to the human brain, the electric signal to the nerves. It's slowed down for the first
time in human history. That is terrifying information. No one's talking about it. It's slowown. It's just 5 years. Meaning, we're not using our
brains to create. We're using our brains to manage. And that is different. It's almost like going to the gym and someone
else is lifting the weights for you. It's like you have to have that strain. You have to do the work, right? It's
like having a spotter on the bench press. It's like if you can do it by yourself, best believe you're going to get stronger. Best believe long term,
you're going to be a different person. But if you have a spotter, it's usually a slower process and you're kind of relying on help. So that's the part I
have a process with. And sure, it could be a personal opinion, right? But that's why I coach people because I do have personal opinions. They do have personal
agendas here that really don't align with everyone. And I feel like that 2% of the process creation of thoughts and
managing thoughts. Which one are we doing? That's genuinely a question. Which one are we doing? Are we thinking
for ourselves or are we allowing AI to think for ourselves and then managing that? You don't have to answer this
question. This is just something to think about. This is just something I love to ask. And everything you described, it's a beautiful example of
how to use AI properly. Well, that's how we should be using it. But what you're describing is the winners and losers of the next era of
AI. And you are backing the winners because the winners were always going to win with AR or without AI. The winners
are winning faster with AI because they're using their own thoughts. They understand that their own thoughts are
very valuable and they're not just putting, hey, write me a LinkedIn post that goes viral and it's like, I am
celebrating my new higher fire emoji. Like no, they're the people that take that quick little write up and then they
add their own thoughts and that's who you love. That's who I love. And I want to touch upon that and I feel like that's the easiest example ever, right?
So just so we don't get misunderstood like you shouldn't be using AI. No, no, I never said that. No, it's like Yeah, absolutely.
There you go. It's like when you're giving it instructions. There's a specific type of way of prompting AI,
right? And I feel like the majority of people, they just prompt it by trusting it. It's like, I need a post on XYZ
topic. Write me something in the style of this creator. Done. But that's not enough. You've done zero thinking. But
if you can say this, write me a post on this topic. Here's what I want to communicate. Here are some thoughts that have recently been on my mind. A. And
then give it some quotes. B. Give it some quotes. C. Give it some quotes. Maybe give it even a bullet point list. Then write in the style of this creator.
Now you've done the thinking because you already know what you want to say, but it's like you're not a writer. You're
not a professional copywriter. Like you don't know how to say it properly so that it sounds attractive and it makes for a good hook and it makes for a great
structure of a post. That is the correct usage of AI. Why? Only one difference. You've done the thinking. And now when
you're managing the output, you're not managing AI's thinking. You're managing your own. It's just that AI helped you
save a lot of time. It's really that easy. I feel like it's a two-minute fix. But most people don't do it. And that is exactly where I have a problem. I see
people overly relying on AI, and those are genuinely going to be the losers of the next age of this online game.
But again, they were going to lose anyway. They were going to lose anyway because they're like taking the fast track, the shortcut. But this needs to be talked about. It's
easy to fall into this trap for real. It is. But I think I've been able to fall into that trap many times. Luckily,
I've had people like you to save me out of a trenches of any shiny object. But I think it's necessary to fall into it to
see how bad it can get and to feel like what you look like when you're trying to be a car copy of anyone else. Like how
many times have you logged onto LinkedIn and you read a post and you're like, "Did I write this? Wait, that's not me." Like literally, that's my post. We send
There's some tools out there that I should probably sue. They're using your name and your license. But then then we see the difference. It's like our content would get 2,000
likes, our content would get 30 likes. Same content, different like it's not just the content, it's also the community that we've been able to build.
And I think that also segus really well onto like the people that we have in the audience right now. Like this is not just from formatted AI content. This is
from like years of effort that we built over the last four, five years. And now we're able to be here in front of all of
you guys because of that. not just or perfectly formatted content and the fact that we used an image that uses your
whatever thingy that he screams to everyone about or the perfect carousel. It's been because we've leveraged the
thing that AI could not do well yet I think at all ever and that is building a true connection and emotional connection
with people and that's what we've done very well and I think that's what's missing from a lot of people's LinkedIn
strategies or every overall marketing strategies is the thing that you cannot scale and that is community building.
You cannot scale. Not everything should be scalable. Like we cannot hire people to do what we do, which is talk to you
directly. And we love it. And I think the name of the game is in those who love to play it even if you can't pay
someone else to do it for you. Speaking of community, do you want to take some community questions? We did bring people here. There's about 50
people here in front of us. All right. So, I have some rules. I want you guys to ask us the hardest questions
you wish you had the time to ask either of us. like ask us something that you actually want solved once and for all.
You have us both here. And I will say this, even if it's a personal question, cuz I feel like a lot of times when I write stuff that it's
like behindthe-scenes content, like how I approach things, like certain problems that I fixed, it's like you guys resonate more with that. Yeah.
Compared to like a piece of advice type of post that I would write. So even if it's like a super hard personal question, feel free to ask. I will be
very genuine in my answers. Who wants to ask questions? Let me just see how many hands we have so far. Okay, we'll go one by one. Hi, my name is Lorraine. Hi Lara. Hi
Yasmin and I flew from Singapore to Sieo to see you guys and the amazing linkup
community. [applause and cheering] My question is I do two things that are
very different. I'm a lawyer turned coach. So I'm an executive coach and I do data privacy consulting. And when I
meet personal branding people, they can't stand it. So they're yelling at me going, "No, one person, one brand, ditch
it. Talk, move your executive coaching to Instagram. Only talk about consult
data privacy consulting on LinkedIn." But my ICPs are there and being
remaining in the lawyer community gives me facetime with my ICPs. I'd love your
thoughts on it. So let me just ask you this. What you're saying is even though you have a two-pronged brand, the ICP is pretty
much still aligned. Yes. So why is that a problem? It just looks like two different services. It's not two different brands. That is okay
because here we are. We have like three or four different company brands, right? Both of us. This is just a question that I will try to give an answer to you
personally, but it's also a generalized answer to everyone. Feel like the whole niche down conversation. It's necessary,
but at times it's also very irrelevant for a lot of people. Here's why. Sometimes you just happen to do two
different jobs, but the audience is still the same. In your case, it's about the audience you're speaking to. you're
just offering two different things to them. So, two things you need to remember. Number one, you can do it that
way. Continue. There's no one that can tell you you should just be doing this, you should just be doing that. Continue doing what you do. But number two, do
remember, and this is me giving you an honest opinion based on hundreds, thousands of people I've coached. It
will be harder for you to position yourself. It will be harder for you. The easiest way to position yourself is to be remembered for that one thing and
that one thing first. It takes a lot of years of branding, positioning, and being out there and being successful
with that one thing first. I keep saying this because only after that time period has passed, I believe it's the right
time to introduce a second thing. My question, honest question to you, and give me an honest answer. Do you think enough time has passed for you to be
doing two things? Have you positioned yourself in just one of those like really really well? Well, I unknown.
I just need a yes or no. Don't complicate. Have you positioned your well yourself well? You see, so just remember this. You can continue doing
it, but it will be harder for you. it will be harder for you. My question back to you is if this is something that's been pressing on your
mind, right, because you asked me this as well yesterday, is it impacting your revenue or your ability to grow your
business or your personal brand or all three? Like not knowing which niche to go for and having two.
I don't know what I don't know. I know why I'm doing two. Are both making you money? Yeah,
you're good. Yeah, you're fine. You're good. Cuz like if it came to a point where you're like I am struggling to make money for either, then our
conclusion would be to drop the one that is not gaining you any leads from LinkedIn. But if you're doing well in
both right now doing what you're doing, then you're fine. But if you're asking, hey, okay, so now I want to double down
on my following, then what I would personally say, being someone that's has four different businesses in different
niches and sometimes it doesn't make sense. I would say find the intersection between what you do for one business and
the other and there's always going to be a middle round where you can relate to both audiences and that to me will always come from storytelling. so that
you can talk openly about the fact that you have two different offers and why you're passionate about them and then talk to those two types of ICPS which
are essentially the same and then communicate that why you're doing both and why you're excellent at doing both. That's what I would do.
Awesome. I I love your refreshing answers. Thank you. Thank you, Lorraine. Hell yeah. Who's next?
Hey. Hi, I'm Nikki. I want to ask an unlated question, but something we can all
relate to is have you ever experienced burnout? And if yes, what exactly did
you feel and how did you overcame it? Wait, what I say? What is it? You know my answer. Jasmine and I shared this new favorite
quote that we both loved and it says, "You can't burn out. You're not a candle."
Yeah. I even have a hoodie that I received from a community member. Shout out Linkup Community. The reason why I personally don't think
I've ever burnt out is I understand that burnout comes from when you're doing
things that you don't love. Right? You can feel tired. You can feel exhausted, but I think the word burnout has been
overly used like ADHD, like OCD, like anxiety, and everything else. But if you're doing something you love, you
can't burn out. And if you feel burnt out, maybe you're just tired of doing the exact same mundane thing without getting any results. I think that's what
leads most entrepreneurs to exhaustion and feeling burnt out because they're not seeing any progress. But if you think about all the entrepreneurs like
Elon Musk, Samman that face endless hours of work and they still don't burn out is because they are tired. They're
working endlessly, but they're working with a purpose and they're seeing micro success cues. And that's what I've engineered my life to become. Like if
I'm feeling tired and I'm feeling like I want to quit, which by the way happens a lot, like you wouldn't think that I
think this often, but like maybe once a month I want to quit all my businesses. I'm like I'm done. Done. I'm like
I've heard this. Yes. I'm like can I sell it? Can I go away? I just want to go to sleep. This is not
for me. I just feel like I'm shadowbanned and something like oh my god Yasmin the algorithm hates me. is like, "No, shut up." I'm like, "Yes."
And then I'm like, "How can I engineer a micro win for myself so I can keep going?" And that's how I've dealt with it. Otherwise, when I been out, I'm
like, "I'm tired. I just need a rest. I just need a day off and that's it." I have a different perspective. I agree on everything you said, but the fact is
during the process of building, whatever you're building, right? And no matter how old you are slash, how experienced
you are, there will come a time when things get overwhelming, there will come a time when things just don't go your
way. No matter how much planning and strategizing you do, there will come a time when something happens in the world and it affects everything you do and you
had nothing to do with it. The other problem is you can't impact it one bit. But the key is in how you respond to it.
There was a podcast or a hiphop song or something I heard like years ago and it
literally changed how I view adversity, how I view challenging times. The quote
was, "This is what hard is supposed to feel like. This is what hard is supposed to feel like. It's not meant to be easy.
It's not meant to be comfy. It's not meant to hug you. If you're building something, it's going to get hard over time. And things that you have to work
for, they're usually the things that are worth having. They're usually the things that are worth fighting for. But in that
process, that's where burnout kicks in. You know, you have to fight for it. You know, you have to keep building, but you
get tired. It gets hard. It gets overwhelming. Just keep repeating to yourself. I swear it's like a mental
exercise. Literally, just close your eyes and repeat to yourself, "This is what hard is supposed to feel like. this is what it's supposed to feel like. Once
you accept that, it's like, "Okay, bro. Good." Like, genuinely, it's like, "Okay, this is it. I'm literally on the way." I feel like burnout and this
feeling of overwhelm convinces us that we're doing something wrong. Like, nothing is working. I'm failing. I'm
supposed to quit, right? But once you tell yourself, I'm exactly where I need to be. This is part of the process. This
is what it's supposed to feel like. Things get easier. Maybe it's just me, right? But I love rewiring my brain and
convincing myself that everything's going to be okay. Think of a diagram, right? Something happens. Can you impact
it? On one end, you have yes, why worry? On the other end is no, I can't impact it. So my question is why worry? Right?
And then like with overwhelm, it's like can you impact it? Yes, you can. Because that is exactly how it's supposed to
feel like. And how you respond to it, whether you quit, whether you lie down, whether you just drown in your sorrow and cry for days, or whether you just
continue going and say, "Yeah, this is literally what it's supposed to feel like. This is the part of the process that I'm supposed to go through."
because it could literally just be 24 hours and things are perfect again. So, I feel like we talk about burnout as if
it's this mythical creature that attacks us and we have no cure for it. There's no weapons against it. Hell no. It's
really just a tiny little signal you need to send to your brain and say, "I'm exactly where I need to be. It's just part of the process. I have to go
through it and that's it." Ultimately, it's like going to school. We all hate exams. Everyone hates exams. On the
morning of the exam, you hate going to school. You fear something. But you know, at the end of the day, those couple or several years of school and
university, they're going to pass or you're still going to graduate and you're not going to remember all those times because at the end of the day, the
outcome matters more than the journey. Take a week off. Yeah. But it also has a lot to do with what Lara said about, you know,
engineering your life. Again, this is a deep conversation, a long answer to a very simple question, at least in my mind. I take three-day weekends now in
my life. I didn't always do this, right? There used to be a time in my life when I worked 17-hour shifts daily, 7 days a
week. Was it hard? Hell yeah. Did I need to do it? Hell yeah. Do I need to do it now? No. But it took that to get to this
to now have 4 day work weeks. And heck, this week because you guys are here, because we're having the meet up here in
Bosnia at my home, I only work two days. I'm now at a place where I have this blessing, right? And luxury to just wake up in the morning and say, I'm not going
to work today. But again, until you get to that point, that little feeling of, oh, burnout is coming. It's going to be
there. Just accept it. Tell yourself, this is exactly what it's supposed to feel like, and just go push through it. You'd be surprised how powerful our
minds are when we convince ourselves that we can go through anything. I want to add a little bit to that. Um
there is this really good book that I recently read is called What Doesn't Kill Us. It's based on Wimhof. Do you
guys know him? Yeah. Cold plunge guy. A guy, very cynical researcher went to see what the fuss was about around Wimhof
and how apparently doing cold plunges could really change your neurobiology in
your brain. And what he discovered after being so cynical about this guy that apparently could beat a bacteria just by
breathing. He came to the conclusion, one of many, that we as humans have evolved with technology to the point
where we have avoided doing hard things and we have become resistant to the hard things because we've been enabled to do
the easy thing. When you as a person, especially as an entrepreneur that truly wants to be successful, you expose
yourself to hardship on purpose. You learn how to thrive in it and enjoy it. It gives you this upper hand amongst 99%
of people because most people avoid the hard things because we have enabled ourselves to avoid it. We have Google Maps. We have Uber Eats. We have the
internet. We have charged that can answer anything without us doing the hard research, the hard work, the hard client conversations. We now have AI.
When you're facing hardship, when you are about to burn out, when you are getting so many nos that it hurt so much
that you feel like you're not doing anything wrong and you stick to it and you see the light at the end of the tunnel, maybe one week after, maybe one
month after, maybe a whole year after, you'll be so proud that you went through all of that hardship because a lot of
people didn't and now you know what hard really feels like and you enjoy the success more, but you also understand
how to deal with it again. It's not as hard and then you do the hard thing many, many times. You become really good at it. That's what happened to me when I
started the business and the other businesses like building a B2B SAS. I had no idea but now I do. But it was
really hard and I wanted to quit so many times. So we almost pulled Cleo out because it was so hard. We had lawyers
talking to us. We had so many legal battles. We have competitors. We have people that like were fighting against us. I at some point didn't believe in
the product. It was so hard. But I am so proud that I pull through and it was hard. But now I can tell the story. And
that also makes you a more interesting person to listen to because no one roots for the person that is winning. They always root for the person that is an
underdog. And when you are an underdog and you give yourself the stories to tell, you become a more interesting person to listen to and follow. So it's
a great personal branding piece of advice too. Go through hardships because you never know when there'll be a good story to tell in a few years.
Just turn motivational real quick. I love it. I love being motivational to people. It's a blessing. More questions.
Hi, I'm Puja. I'm from India. Lara, great to meet you. Always always fun to meet you Jay. So, and of course, thank
you everybody. I love being here. My question to you is my core offer is ghost riding right and end to end
LinkedIn management. So in a way to say there are so many LinkedIn strategists experts whatever you call yourself. So
in a sea of sameness to stand out you spoke about a differentiating factor yesterday. What are the questions you
ask yourself to stand out in this sea of sameness where everybody seems to be offering the same at very crisis. How do
you do that is part one and part two is when I've scaled up to a level that I've reached but I'm just stuck here. It's
like I can't move and I don't know why and what to do next. So, how do I go ahead? I've seen you on LinkedIn a lot and I
was telling Jay about this like puja you're so different in person and like I would love to see more of that because
that is your unfair advantage. How charismatic and almost like immediately bubbly you are. I feel like that is
something that you should talk about more on your LinkedIn and like make it more obvious. So, how can you make real life puja into LinkedIn like LinkedIn
her? And I think a lot of it comes from your actual stories like the things that you shared. That is what I would pay a
ghost writer a premium for. The way that you manage things, the way that you communicate, the way that you are. And
the best way to do that on LinkedIn is to one story tell to educate on the things that your ideal clients don't
really understand. So like I your mom, you manage your time incredibly well. You're also ghostwriting for people. You can like if I was to see your process on
how do you ghost write for a client versus the other 10 other processes that I see. use Claude and then put the 10
top viral post and then go write 10 viral hooks. I want to see what does like how do you do it? A client would be
so much more interested in that process versus the typical AI funnel process that everybody's following. So I would
do that to differentiate yourself like more stories of you and also your individual process cuz I don't think I
have seen that yet. So I should focus more on what I do in terms of how I write. Yeah. Well, ask me as a ghost writer
that also built an agency. The thing that always got me the biggest fish was literally just sharing my process. Cuz
the clients that I landed by sharing the carousels weren't the ones that were interested in how to go viral. They just
wanted to see the behind the scenes to see that I was able to do it for them. They weren't going to copy it cuz they didn't have time. They wanted to make
sure that my process aligned with this. So So that would helping go from where I'm
stuck to wherever I reach. Yeah. That's what helped me. I don't know where you're stuck like you said
like price. Yeah. In the sense I'm stuck at the price point. I'm not being able to go higher or I'm not attracting the right
kind of clients. Honestly, I'm not sure. I mean, I do use storytelling. We do have challenges that you know J started
community and that's kept me more focused. I reach out every single day, sometimes even twice a day. It's a
challenge at the back of your head. But now it's become a habit and because it's a habit, it's helping me get a lot of
queries. But for some reason, I just feel I'm fitting into this sea of sameness. and not being able to find why
me over Lorine or Let me give you an answer. Yeah. Yeah. Hi Puja. Again, I love meeting Fuja in
person. She's amazing. I will give you two bits of advice and this goes for you as much as it goes for everyone in this room and everyone watching this as well.
Do things you're proud of. We don't do that enough. I have to say this. We don't do things that we're proud of enough. We do things we think will work.
And everyone can relate to this. We do things that we think will work. We're stuck over analyzing the hooks, the
strategies, this and that. and we write that kind of content because we're like we're almost counting on it giving us
more leverage, more visibility, more this and that. This is why like when people ask me like why are you so positive in your content is because I
love what I write. I love every single piece of content that I put out. There's not a single post that I haven't loved
personally that I've put out. I will write five pieces of content. I will just publish one because I really feel
like this. And I didn't do it for the algorithm. I didn't do it because I felt like, oh, everyone's going to love this. No, I did it because I truly believe in
it and because I'm proud of that. And I know for a fact because I've coached hundreds of people in person. I've
coached thousands of you in the community. You still struggle with this because you're doing things to be good
to the algorithm. You're not doing things to be good to yourself. That is number one. Now number two, what makes
an expert? What makes an expert? Opinions, not information. This is crucial. So in your case, the way you
position the problem right now is I don't want to stay stuck attracting the wrong kind of audience with the same type of price expectation. The way you
said it is like you feel some certain way about it. What's your opinion about it? Why don't you want to share that price? Why do you want to share a higher
price? Why can you verbalize that? Because I just feel for the time, effort, and energy I put into it, I
deserve more. So you're saying because you put time, energy, and effort into it because it's really quality output that you know is
going to work and bring in results for them. That's why it costs a little bit more. Why don't you ever say that in your content? Literally like that. Using
those exact words, word for word, verbatim, because it feels wrong. No. Exactly. And that is exactly what is
right. Here's [snorts] where we are now. You see, we're trying to be likable by everyone. It feels wrong. Why does it
feel wrong? Because we're going to repel certain people. Not all people, certain people. But what is your problem? You
just explained it. You're attracting the wrong people. Meaning the solution is you have to repel them. You have to
repel that kind of audience. You see, you're doing the wrong thing by not attacking the problem in your content.
You're not saying what you should be saying to attract the right audience. You're playing the safe thing, thinking you're going to repel a certain bit of
your audience, but that certain bit of your audience is exactly the certain bit of your audience that you should be repelling. This is what we call polarizing content. This is what we
literally have experts for. Why are you here today listening to me traveling to meet me in person out of all the other
places you could have been in the world? Why are you here to meet Lara in person as well? out of all the other experts you could have met in the world. Why?
Because there's certain things about us that are attractive to you in terms of expertise. And let me tell you what that
is. It's opinions. It's not just the frameworks. It's not just the solutions. It's our opinions and how we approach
our businesses. That is what makes an expert. Everyone can share a tip. Everyone can share advice. Who's the
person behind it? Why do you feel about this piece of advice this certain way? Why? Whenever you're sharing your
content, this is like evergreen piece of advice. Wherever you're sharing content, no matter where it is, what platform it is, if you give me a piece of advice,
tell me why I should care. Tell me why you feel so strongly about this advice. If you tell me your hook should always
be a oneliner on LinkedIn, why? Cuz if you just tell me your hook should be a oneliner on LinkedIn, every single person in this room can repeat that same
piece of advice. But why should I trust you more than the next person? That is your problem. You said sea of sameness.
But if everyone shares an opinion about that piece of advice, every single bit of those posts is not the same. You see,
because you attribute that piece of advice with an opinion now that gets drawn to a certain person, certain name,
certain level of expertise. And that is what you fall in love with with a coach, that opinion, not the information. And a
lot of experts never share their opinions. They just share tips and tricks. It's almost like again, we're
scared to repel people. But that is the purpose of branding. You want to attract the right audience and you want to push
away. Not in a negative way, by the way, because that is branding. Why do we brand ourselves? Why do we brand
products? Why do we package products? Why do we put certain colors on things? Why do we put certain fonts on things? Why? Because you want to attract the
right audience, right? If you want to look premium, right? If you want to charge a premium, and if you just put red and green, you're laughing because
you know those colors don't go together, right? Can you charge $10,000 for it? Hell no. But if you put a black background with a gold sheen font, ooh,
you see, now you're branding for the right reason. Because by default, branding means you're attracting a certain bit of audience. You're
repelling a certain bit of audience. But what you're saying is you've never ever once came out there with your actual
words in your content to repel that type of audience. What you said today word for word when I asked you repeat that in
a post. Please, I dare you. I challenge you to write that post. Send it to me inside our linkup community. I will
review it personally and I will tell you post it this way. Let me tell you, I know that post is going to bring you clients. I know it for a fact.
Before we wrap up with this question, cuz I think I relate to you in many, many ways. I've been through the exact
same phase where I had to battle with the personal branding overwhelm of personal brands on LinkedIn. And I was
like, I know I can do something differently. So, I created this bulletproof method for our clients that
has been proven to work by people who were in your exact same position, were in the same niche and couldn't get
ahead. I call it the PCC framework. Positioning, content, and conversion. Yasmin covered the positioning part. So,
how do you stand out in a sea of se sameness? You position yourself as a leader. You give your polarizing
opinions and you show your work. That's very important. So, think about that. How many times a week can I do a
polarizing opinion about something that no one in the industry is talking about, but I do. Another one is what do your
type of client want to actually read on LinkedIn? Because your type of client may not want to read another hook post.
They want to know what's trending for their niche on LinkedIn right now. And they want you to know, they want to see
that you know exactly how their market is moving. So if who is your ICP the sea sweets
so in the seuite world what matters to them you know operating at a high level how they can get better hires how can
they hire a players how building a personal brand on LinkedIn can attract them better hires faster without them
having to go through endless endless hours of hiring recruiters right that is also polarizing you don't have to
consistently be like I hate everything this is why I should be charging more it can also be a polarizing opinion on
their industry because that's going get them reading you, right? The second part for me is obviously the content. So like
with your split, so like educational content, storytelling content and then polarizing content and then sales sales
content. So in reality, how many times have you directly said to your audience, I am selling something over the last
month? Never. This is where the problem starts. If you don't promote yourself, no one is going to do it for you. And that is a harsh
truth that no one wants to accept. No one is going to promote you better than you promote yourself. And we've been
sold a lie across social media on LinkedIn that if you create good
content, it will sell. That is partially true, but it doesn't work for everyone.
Like, you still need to create content that makes people aware that you're selling something. You cannot be hiding
under your storytelling post and expecting a lead to come through. It is essential for you to promote yourself
loudly. And you can do what I do, and you can do it in sprints. So, I also get dick. I feel cringy when I sell. But
guess what happens when I sell? I make thousands of dollars. Shocking. But wait, guess what happens when I don't sell anything? I make zero, right? And
there's a harsh truth that I had to learn. I need to tell people that I'm selling something. Otherwise, they're going to forget. Otherwise, they're
going to go to a competitor that is open. Otherwise, they're going to DM the person that is loudly saying, "Hey, I have this program. I have this service
and is ready for you to buy." So, I think that you probably have done enough storytelling content, educational
content for us to not give you advice on that. But what I think you need to focus on is how can you write conversion
content once a week, right? How can you desensitize yourself from feeling cringy and making it part of your routine,
right? That can start from a lead magnet basic, you know, simple lead magnet. You're providing free value. You're
literally doing someone a favor and then they're giving you their email. Then you can market to them on email. You can do what Yasmin does incredibly well is
lives where you can get to show your amazing charismatic, you know, personality and then people will
convert. Yasmin and I had this moment three years ago when we started doing LinkedIn lives together. We literally
didn't sell throughout the entire webinar. Yasmin and I for one of my offers, we made $80,000 in one over like
a week of three lives because we were just showing our personality because everyone on LinkedIn is so robotic that
none of them actually have anything funny to say. They don't have personality and you do. And that is one of your unfair advantages. So
positioning, content, conversion. Puja, what was the challenge that I gave you in the community last week? The
challenge was include your prices inside your post. And let me tell you, our wins
channel has never been buzzing more. Everyone's saying, "Oh, this booked me calls. This got me x many leads. This got me x much money." You want to know
why? Cuz you're finally telling people what you charge, what your service is, and it doesn't feel like selling. You're just literally saying it. That's I feel
like something that we need to rewire in our brains. We feel like saying something about our business ultimately
means like cringy selling, and it's not the case. Just say it. It's okay. We got more questions from the audience. Yes, please.
Hi, my name is Georgia. I'm from Serbia. And since I'm only 19, I'm in the beginning of my new journey. And what
did you wish that you knew if you were in my age and your beginning of your
LinkedIn career in general? What did I wish I knew at the very beginning? You know, this going to be saucy. Okay, let me tell you this. You
believing in the right things is going to piss some people off. It could be like the most generic thing. It's like I
love to talk about being the underdog, coming from a small country, believing in kindness and helping people, but
that's literally who I am. I can't change who I am. That is how I've been raised. That is what I truly firmly
believe in with every fiber of my body. But every single time I've written a post about kindness, it pisses so many
people off. You can laugh, but it's it's a fact. And you know this, like there's some people who wouldn't have content
ideas. They wouldn't have anything to write about if it wasn't for them to write about me. You know this for a fact. But it's usually they're writing
about me writing about kindness. And it's like they're making fun of the fact that I write about kindness. And I'm like, "What the hell kind of business
model is that?" My point is, no matter what you put out there in the world, what I wish I knew sooner is that no matter what it is, people are going to
have a problem with it. Like literally, the most generic thoughts that you have, the most boring normal thoughts, people
are still going to find something wrong with it. And when that happens, and it will happen, it will happen. Best believe it will happen. When it happens,
just let it run. It's them. It's not you. I wish I learned this sooner. It used to bother me at the very beginning.
I'll be very honest. It used to bother me. I used to read every single comment where I was looking for comments where
people were disagreeing just because I feel like okay, what can I still fix? Like I was still looking at it from a like how can I get better standpoint,
but at a certain point I understood it's like I can get better for these people. It's like I could never get better because they just have a problem with
the way I think. It's not even what I said, right? It's just it's you who's the problem. Accept it. Move on. There's
a beautiful button on social media. I believe every platform has it. It's called the block button. The second you
learn how to use the block button, it's your your life is going to be much easier. I'm telling you this because you have to get yourself prepared. I can't
tell you how many how many conversations I've had about this exact very thing. And my community knows this cuz every
now and then we get a screenshot from someone saying, "I just got my first hater." You guys know this, right? Like in the community this happens a lot. I
just got my first hater. Like how do I approach this? What do I do? Block and buy. Block and bye. That's it. So I'm telling you this in advance. take it as
friendly brotherly advice. There is a lot of power in proximity. When you associate yourself with the
right people, you actually gain what I call speed velocity on LinkedIn on and
in life. So when you are here in front of 50 people and me and Yasmin included
where we have leverage, when you immediately associate yourself with something that has an ideal audience or
already has had an ide ideal outcome, you can leverage that to get to the next level faster. So find proximity as fast
as you can. Leverage your network, leverage your connections. I use this concept that I call the halo effect
where when you are next to someone, they immediately associate the good things about them to you. So, how can you use
that faster weekly in your content to get ahead? View LinkedIn not just as a
social media platform, but also as a game. The moment I gified LinkedIn to just think, "This is a game. I need to
detach from it." I sped up and I went from 10,000 followers to 100,000 followers in record time because I
detached. I saw it as the game as it was and I leveraged every single card that I had on my deck. The card was broke
student. The card was meeting Yasmin Alec. The card was traveling at 15 and moving away from my hometown. Every
single one of those moments is an ace card that I could leverage on LinkedIn. And that was like my winning ace card to
win the game. So think about that when you write, when you think about your strategy and just simply try to detach
as much as you can because it's not real. The people commenting and hating, they're not real, but the people that love you are.
That is beautiful advice. Thank you, Laura. Okay, next up. Hi guys, I'm Sam from Munich, Germany and I have a
question to you Laura but especially also would love to hear your she likes me more. She traveled 11 hours for me
and for me. So I run my business for 2 years now but especially in these past few months it has been really lifechanging
business-wise which means more responsibility but less time for my surroundings and my friends and they
don't really get it. My question to you is how do you deal with that? I don't go to holidays. I just work almost 24/7.
And that's how it feels like. So, have you ever experienced Oh, yeah. But I had to make a choice.
How badly do I want the thing that I'm pursuing? And that included me having
monk mode activated, which meant that I didn't see my family for 2 years. I didn't see friends for 2 years. I didn't
make new friends for 2 years. But then it enabled me to make more time to meet people like Yasmin and then people that
were aligned within my same purpose. And they didn't care if I didn't text them on a Sunday afternoon to go to the pub
or go to a bar because they knew that I was pursuing the same thing cuz they also were pursuing the same thing. When I started, I was in Mexico. There was
like no one there that understanding me like you right now. And then what I did was like I made the biggest effort to
create a community before I left Mexico. So when I moved away to a country where I knew there were more people in my
surroundings that had a similar vision, I could literally just hop in. So the first thing that I did when I moved to London was go to a Sophie Miller Pretty
Little Thing event where I met 10 people that became such assets to me feeling like I wasn't alone anymore. But I think
the lonely chapter in any entrepreneur's journey is so powerful because you learn
how to be by yourself. You learn how to love what you do and you learn your craft faster because you're dedicating
yourself to it. For the first two years of my business on year four, that's crazy. The time that I spent refining my
skill became my unfair advantage because all of these people were like getting distracted with family, friends,
holidays, etc. and I was just focused on the one thing and now it enables me to be able to come here on a weekend while
I'm like super busy but I still can make the time. So again it's not meant to be easy and it can get lonely and it is but
that loneliness also becomes an advantage for you because when you learn how to be alone in your own thoughts no
one can beat you. You become dangerously independent to the point where you know how to be alone so you don't need anyone
else but then when the right people come along you feel full and not empty. So yeah I have the most beautiful piece of
advice for you but you haven't asked me the question. Let me tell you something that I would
tell every business owner who's currently building. You can't reach new heights constantly staring from the
bottom. You're looking up. You want to reach there, but you're constantly at the bottom. You want to stay in your current environment with your current
friends hoping they understand you. They don't. They're not on the same journey with you. You can still keep them in your life. They're part of the mountain,
but you're at a different level now. And I feel like this is something we don't talk about enough in business. They always say like it feels lonely at the
top. I disagree with that entirely. It's actually very very nice at the top when you're networking with like-minded
people. It's like it's beautiful. It's lovely. The climb is the lonely part because you have to understand in order
for you to grow out of one environment, you have to grow in to a new environment. But that process of growing
is in the middle and you're currently right there and you're kind of feeling pushed back. It's like my friends don't understand me. I can't explain it to
them even if I wanted to. Let me just tell you that's normal. Just picture yourself. You're climbing in the middle of a mountain. Know where you're going.
Don't look back. You think hikers when they start hiking they're like midway they're like oh yeah no right they go to the top but at the top you meet
wonderful people. So let me just tell you that once you're looking at new heights you can't keep looking at the bottom. And once you reach the top of
the mountain you can't even hear what's going on at the bottom. Remember that. One last thing I I relate so much. I had
this lonely chapter and it felt so bad cuz I was stuck in London by myself at uni at extra actually and I didn't leave
my house and at times I felt very very lonely and I didn't have anyone to reach out to. I had actually well you were
there. I'd broken up with my boyfriend. It was like the loneliest period of my life because no one in my proximity got
anything. And I had this quote, I'll never forget from my supervisor at university where I was like so depressed. And I went to her and I was
crying because of this breakup and I felon this business stuff and I had uni and it was so complicated. And she looked at me and she was like, "But you
have 50,000 followers. Why do you feel lonely?" And that broke me cuz I was
like, "How is it possible that I have such a big audience but I cannot share this feeling that is so private and personal to me?" And luckily for me, I
had people like Yasmin and also Luke Matthews in my life who were able to bring me out of like that. Are you talking about the 1:00 a.m.
call? Oh, yes. Many, many of them. Many of them. And there was like one specific call where I called. We weren't that
close friends, but I didn't have anyone to call. I literally didn't have anyone that understood that specific situation where I was like a business owner. I was
also like a girl trying to like, you know, build my personal life and experience it heartbreak for the second time ever. And I called Yasmin. And I
was like, "Hey, like I'm sorry I don't have anyone to call, but like can you just listen to me for like a bit?" And he did. But can I tell you the bad context that
you've never heard of that story? No. My son was sleeping on me on my chest. And it was 1:00 a.m. I was awake. I was
literally just commenting on LinkedIn. Of course. Yeah. [laughter] You know, my phone is vibrating. It's
like 1:00 a.m. And I pick up. I'm like, "What's up?" Yes. And she's crying her eyes out. I can
hear it. She's like, "I just got to talk." And it's like those moments on the journey where it's like unconditional support for others whether
they stay with you or not by the way because some people are just going to be there for the moment. They're going to leave. That's fine. That's normal. That's part of the journey. And I feel
like those moments are what makes the journey worth it. And it's like right now you feel like it's almost like one part of your life is being torn out.
It's almost like you're ripping a page out of a notebook, right? But if you're ripping it out, it wasn't supposed to be there anyhow. It's just going to go to
the trash bin. The best piece of advice I can give you is to find three people that are on LinkedIn. Ideally, that's your world. or
like at least in the business world that are in the journey that are willing to give you their time because you've been
useful to them in some way, maybe in a friendship way or like maybe in a networking way. Yasmin and I were just like LinkedIn buddies. We're just like
supporting each other, but then we scale that by having that 1 a.m. call and then many other connections like that. So
find two people or three and then your journey will become easier. So we got more questions. Yes, please. I
believe that one of the hardest things about personal brand is that it's easy and it's simple in theory.
Communication, patience, consistency, all that kind of stuff. But in actuality, so many of us are coming to
the game with a lack of selfrust. So my question to you is one, do you agree with me that that is one of the hardest
things? And two, what has your journey to selfrust been? Because obviously you
have gotten over this hump that many people struggle with. I can give you a scientific answer because a good friend of mine Shade Zar one of the biggest you
know researchers neuroscientists in the world she just published a book called the big trust and we also have a LinkedIn course together LinkedIn
learning course in her book she explains the difference between self-confidence and selfrust confidence basically comes
from delusion this is my understanding I'll just keep it short trust comes from action cuz like once you know it works or was it the other way around sorry
shotty if I'm not explaining this correctly it's like once you confirm that it works then you can trust that it will work one more time until then it's
just like Hey, I'm confident. So, I feel like it's inside the journey, like the answer to your question. It's on the
journey. You can't just be confident. It's like you grow into it. And at the
very beginning, like a lot of us were talking to each other before a post goes live. Here's the hook I have for the
post. What do you think about it? Ah, it sucks. No, this was literally the conversation. You know, you have that. So, if you can find a supportive group
of friends, like similar to the previous answer, like people who can genuinely push you to do better and accept that
during the journey some parts are going to suck. It is what it is. That's where confidence kicks in cuz it's like unless you know what doesn't work, you can't
count on things working all the time. Okay, we're going to take a couple more questions and then we got to wrap it up. KJ.
Okay, you wake up tomorrow, you've lost everything. Money, family, friends, even
yourself. You aren't allowed to go back into the same business, SAS, AI, writing, whatever, and you had to start
over. You can't use the same skills. You can't use the same resources you'd have.
Give me three things you would do immediately to build yourself back up to where you are right now. That's all you
three things. Three things. Let me let me do the funny thing. I'm telling you this because I was here
five years ago. So I'm just I just want to know. Let me do the funny thing. Sorry. What was the question? [snorts]
You've lost everything. You have to start over. Three things. But you can do the same thing you've done. And I can't use my skills. else I can
use. You can't do anything about your LinkedIn number. You have to start over.
Um I wouldn't do three things. I would do one. I would go to my dad.
I would ask that is a flex and I would ask him what to [snorts] do and I think he never has given me a
wrong answer. So he believes in me more than anyone.
Shout out Rigo. So I will go to him just one. I love that. Thank you.
Thank you, KJ. Any more questions before we wrap up? We could take one more. There we go.
Hi Alina here from Germany. How you frame it? So yeah, I'm wearing a Voloma t-shirt on me today. So my question is I
work in B2B. I'm very happy with because I'm blessed to know four different languages and I see a lack of good
specialists on the Russian market on LinkedIn. I kind of feel that this is also one of my blue oceans where I can
go and at what stage of my business. Can I just ask you a counter question? Do you have the capacity right now to
travel to all those places? Get an agent. It's almost like booking speaking gigs. Like it's the easiest thing in the world. Get a speaking agent. Let them
book the gigs for you and negotiate the gigs for you. They're not going to be paid by salary. They're just going to be paid by commission. So for all of those
countries, get a speaking agent that can literally negotiate the deals for you. You're just going to lose like one chunk
of the money. pay them for their involvement and for their effort here and you just go travel and expand your
blue ocean. Literally just get a speaking agent. I'm dead serious. Thank you. And if we speak about the positioning on LinkedIn,
that's the beautiful part cuz it's like it's still the same workshops. It's just different markets. Correct. Yeah. But the Russian speaking tend to
be connecting to the Russian speaking content and I don't want to do that.
No. But if you go there, are you going to give the workshop in a Russian or is still going to be your usual? You will.
That's fine. And then it's like I travel, I speak several languages. You know this as well. Like when I go and do my keynotes, I sometimes don't do it in
English. Is my content not in English? Oh, everything I do is still in English. So keep your brand intact. But it's like
when you're going into new markets, just adapt in during that keynote, during that workshop, during that training. That's it. There's nothing about your
positioning that you need to change. Literally. Again, just get a speaking agent. They're going to negotiate the deals for you. So when they ask you
like, "Are you going to be doing it in Russian or English?" Russian. That's it. We got one more. Be quick. Be quick. Fly. Come on. when you guys realized at
the early stages that you actually didn't want to quit but nothing was
working. I'm asking this because after almost 12 months nothing is working and
I do feel like I want to quit but at the same time I don't want to quit. So I'm asking do you actually had epiphany? How
do you actually keep going even though nothing was working? Going to be honest I don't think I was ever at that point. I can't answer that
question. I was like, that was the most useless answer ever. I was genuinely never at that point because I was always
outworking everyone. It's like I wasn't counting on things to happen. Do you know how much it takes to be online for
8 hours per day every day and leave thousands of comments, send hundreds [snorts] of messages, talk to people,
talk to people, talk to people, talk to people, talk to people. I'm saying it five times because I want you to hear how annoying it is. It's an annoying
process. It's a repetitive process. It's a tiring process. It took four months for me to land my first gig through
LinkedIn. But I wasn't going easy those four months. Like I was literally going harder and harder and harder starting
day one all the way to month four. The trajectory was going up. It wasn't like I started hard at day one and then like
towards month four I kind of fell out because like nothing was working. Hell no. I just kept going, kept going, kept
going. So my question to you is be honest with yourself. Are you amping up the stakes or are you kind of losing out
on a motivation after such a long period? No, I'm not losing motivation. But are you also amping up the stakes?
Are you? We had this conversation, so be honest. I know the answer. You know the key. It's like when you're doing things
that don't work, there's usually one of two problems. It's number one, you're not reaching enough of an audience,
meaning your positioning is good. You're just not doing it enough because you haven't been in the right places enough times, meaning in front of a large
number of people. Or the other part is true, meaning your positioning is completely off and you're completely attracting the wrong audience. It's one
of the two, but you need to outwork yourself and then outwork everyone else to figure that out. I can't tell you
what that is right now just based on one question. But one of those things needs to happen. You either need to outwork yourself because you're currently not
doing enough or you need to outwork everyone else because apparently everyone else in your field is attracting clients and you can't. It's a
hard truth, but you have to outwork people. Sometimes it takes time, sometimes it takes guts, sometimes it just, you know, not sleeping. That's the
reality of the journey. until you get that first client. That first client will give you all the answers cuz then you can be like, "What did I do to land
this client and then repeat the process over and over and over again cuz I guarantee you there is something about
that one result that is crucial and that is different." Until that happens, I can't know the answer, you can't know
the answer. Like what needs to happen? But one of those two things, you either outwork yourself right now because you believe your positioning is correct or
it's completely off and then you got to outwork everyone else because their positioning is good. One of those two things needs to happen. What that is,
I'm going to just give you a challenge. You got 24 hours to decide which way you're going to go. Oh my god. No. Pick one. Pick one lane and
generally just go all in. Cuz it's like, have you ever been in a situation like a genuine situation? I've been in these situations like where money is running
tight. Like you literally see the last bit of your savings. It's like, you know, if two more weeks pass, I will
literally have nothing to eat. If you've ever been in this situation, you stop asking questions. You stop questioning
everything. You just do the work. Do the work. Do the work. There's no question because you got to figure it out. Are
you at that point or do you still feel like I'm still not at that point where I'm so hungry? No, I'm at the point.
All right. Go all in. As someone that has been in desperate situations where I've wanted to quit multiple times over the last 3 years,
especially over the last year, where I felt like I couldn't see the lights or the next big win. I think about the
concept of engineering my own luck quite a lot and I talk about it often. Now for you in your very niche niche on
LinkedIn, there are two things that I would do if I was incredibly desperate to win and one of them would be how can
I use my current skill set to touch on a larger time which is a total addressable
market. Right? Now your total addressable market is quite small right you are in the female space with what is
it egg freezing right so now let's say that that's not working but you are specialized in that industry however
over time you've gained other skills while trying to build that offer which
is writing which is marketing which is psychology which is course any other skills that can stack on top of your
current offer right so then I could have been at the very start like I really like social media marketing I want to be
a social media marketing consultant, right? That didn't work because I was competing with Steven Bartlett's agency.
I was competing with Amelia Sordell's clout. I was competing with all of these people that already had millions and
millions and millions of dollars had been published in Forbes, Forbes on the 30, under the 30, 40, 500. So, what did I do instead? I was like, I know this
skill. I know what I know and I know this other new thing that I can implement into my offer. What was that
ghost writing? What was that positioning? What was that LinkedIn algorithm stuff? What was that? anything else that I picked up along the way
while trying to figure out how to sell that current offer that failed. I then stacked it up onto my current offer. So for you would be like, okay, I have this
expertise, but how can I then turn it into a larger TAM? So either you can
start your own agency for now, which is a lot more lucrative than what you have
right now, which then you can use to then leverage to then start that business again when you have time. Cleo,
for example, Cleo started 4 years ago. We only marketed this year. Why? because we didn't have the resources in anything
to position it properly so we could win. So what we did is we put in hold what we built or businesses that allowed us to
have that volume in money so we can reinvest into the business. So for you would be like okay this offer is
currently failing. How can I make it a winner? How can I use another thing incorporate another element maybe a done
for you element for female hormone specialists for like marketers in the
female space that want to understand how to do LinkedIn. I'm not saying start a LinkedIn agency, but something like that
that you can do with a current new skill that you have that has a lot more leverage for you. Because if I had to
start from zero and I had to make $10,000 by next month, I would do the simplest thing that would create the simplest outcome, which is a
servicebased thing that can produce an immediate outcome for a client, which is a viral post, which is a new client led
from LinkedIn. Anything that I know I can do that I've already proven to myself that I can do, I will do it and then focus on my next offer when I then
have the time and I don't I'm not stressed about money. That's what I would do. Do we wrap up? Here we go. Yes. Feel like this was nice. It's nice
talking to people in person. Man, we write online a lot. A lot of our thoughts are just online, but when you
meet people in person, it's a different kind of energy. So, personally for me, thank you all for coming. Thank you for being here, not just for the meet up,
for the linkup community, but just here today as well, for making this content with us, cuz you're part of the content.
being a part of the story. And other than that, I just want to say good luck to everyone cuz I feel like everyone here, even though we're together in the
same room, everyone is still on their own journey. So, good luck to you guys and thank you. Well done, guys. We just wrapped up our
porta. Bye. Well, that's it from Yasmin and I. Hopefully, next time we meet is in
London live in front of our 100 people very soon. See you London. Thanks for watching. Stay tuned for the next one. Bye.


