 Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LG4iUcCaGdE
Expert: Richard van der Blom
Topic: How to Turn LinkedIn Likes Into Sales Conversations
Date collected: June 2026

---

Intro
People can make a lot of mistakes on LinkedIn, unfortunately. So, you're only there to create posts. You're only there to pitch people. You're just there to
sell. That's not working. You are in trouble. I see that happening a lot with direct messaging. You don't want to just
jump in and say, "Hey man, I saw your profile. I saw you liked what I got." Two things can happen. Either you ghost
me, which means you didn't went for it. Then I put you on another list and in a month I will try with another type of
content. Or you go like, "Hey, Richard, this sounds great. Please send it to me." Then I have my third message. I
sent you the article. And then in a week I follow up and say, "Hey, John, did you find a time to go through the article?
What are your thoughts?" Second, try to see if there is an opening to start a conversation about what we do and how we
could support you. Three, deliver the goods for free. And then four. Now, the man you've been waiting for, John the
Sales Machine Ranking.
[Music] All right, folks. Today's guest is a
straight up LinkedIn savage, Richard Vanderblam. This guy's been cracking the
LinkedIn code before most people knew what the hell a connection request was. He's trained over 300,000 pros, worked
with giants like Nestle, Salesforce, PWC. I mean, dude's got receipts. He's
the brain behind that viral LinkedIn algorithm report everyone's quoting but
no one understands. If you've ever wondered how to actually use LinkedIn to grow your business, sell more, look no
further. This guy is the real deal. He's trained over 1,000 companies. Companies
that, you know, look for people to transform what they're doing on LinkedIn
and not only have a brand and a presence, but to actually monetize what they're doing. He's literally spent 20
years building out his own LinkedIn, his training systems. He recently, I mean,
hit over 230,000 followers. And in addition to that, he's taken all that
knowledge over the last 20 years, and he's put it into a playbook, literally a
content algorithm playbook for LinkedIn like no one else has ever done. It's got
over 5 million downloads. And he personally spent over $30,000
How the algorithm really works
putting this thing together. Listen in folks. You're about to get a master class on what to do in LinkedIn to grow
and scale your business. And later on in the podcast, we're going to do a special
offer for you guys to take advantage of and actually get the same training and
the same knowledge that Nestle, Salesforce, PWC got and you can use it
literally for your business. Let's welcome him to the show, Richard
Vanderbomb. Wow, John, thank you very much for this introduction. I mean, I've had a lot of introduction, but this one
definitely tops the ranks. It's impressive. Thank you. Well, man, you're impressive. I'm just, you know, I'm just
trying to get along and get in where I fit in. And we help people, you know, all over the world to increase their
sales, drive marketing and presence online. So, tell me, how did you get involved in this game of LinkedIn?
because a lot of people live off LinkedIn and there's a lot of false prophets out there. How did you get
involved and then let's talk about what you do differently than everybody else? Sure. So, I have a background in sales.
So I've been working in B2B sales for around 10 to 12 years before I started
my LinkedIn business back in then. And working in sales and also having trained
a lot of sales professionals, a lot of entrepreneurs, I basically understood one thing and that is that a lot of
people don't like to sell. They don't like to kick in doors. They don't like to do the cold calling. But once they
have their first meeting, they love to talk with their customers. So to get to the table to have your introduction call
that's where a lot of people struggle with and I very quickly discovered
LinkedIn as potential platform or potential channel to get yourself in
front of your audience in an authentic genuine way just by positioning yourself and sharing valuable content. So that's
basically what I started doing in 2010. explain to people how LinkedIn could
potentially fit in to your marketing channels and your positioning channels. And you know, it became very quickly
successful because people feel a lot more confident to create a profile on LinkedIn, to share content, and to
follow up on engagement instead of doing the cold outreach. Basically, that's what I've been doing. And I think that
one of the things that sets me apart from a lot of LinkedIn experts is that I actually walked the dog. I've been into
sales like over 15 years, B2B sales, heavy sales, you know, I know what the clients are going to say. I know how to
deal with rejection. I know how to deal with, you know, difficult buyer committees. Um, and we have implemented
all those things also in our trainings. Yeah, it's pretty impressive. 5 million
downloads. I mean, and you got, you know, the biggest companies in the world actually investing in you training their
teams to actually do it for them. Now, the terrain is changed. It's changing all the time. And ultimately, there's a
lot of noise out there. I've had guests on the show that are in sales, in marketing, in artificial intelligence.
And 20 years ago, you know, there wasn't limits on how many people you could add to your LinkedIn profile. I I got
friends, they were like, you know, I went to the beach for a year and added, you know, 100,000 people and I would
just do it all day, all day, all day. You're not allowed to do that. There's limits now. So talk about what has
changed from then to now and then we'll go into all of the noise that's happening on LinkedIn. Well, I I think a
lot have changed throughout the years. You mentioned some restrictions or limitations. You know, you can have
unlimited followers still, but you can have only 30,000 connections. For example, I reached the max last year,
30,000 connections. So that basically means if I would like to invite a new client, I need to kick somebody out
because otherwise I cannot add him. You know, it doesn't make sense to me anyway. the limitation but it is there.
LinkedIn is limiting the number of personalized invites to connect you can send if you don't have a paid
subscription you're limited to five or 10 a month which as a result brought a lot of you know spam waves of
non-personalized invites because people can hit the button send invite as much as they can but they can only
personalize five or 10 a month. There's a limitation on profiles you can visit before you get flagged as potential
automation. So it has become like I often refer to it as a game. We are
playing a LinkedIn game without knowing the exact rules. Only LinkedIn knows them but they don't communicate them. So
they communicate them when you get banned or restricted and then they say you visited too many profiles, you send
out too many DMs but you know you need to tell me up front you know. So so they those things has happened. I think it
also has everything to do with a massive growth the platform has seen over the last years. I mean we have 1.1 billion
members. we have a lot more people creating content also stimulated
empowered by you know AI that makes it so much easier to create content or to create comments. So I would say that we
Navigating the latest LinkedIn changes
are on a cross point and this is this is probably one of the most important things I'm going to say today John. We
are at a cross point of a platform that was built on humanto human interaction
that was built on trust and credibility and that now really suffers from more AI
generated content more automated bots more automated outreach than ever before. Yeah. And so in saying that like
I get LinkedIn outreach all the time. A lot of it's automated, a lot of it's AI, and you know, it's just so obvious,
right? But how do you sort and sift through all of the noise? And uh not not
just as, you know, uh as a user, but I mean, as a content creator, how do you
create content that actually is deliverable and makes an impact? First
thing you need to forget about is going viral. Okay, virality means you're one of the many people that chase numbers
instead of chasing clients. So, let go of the thought that I need to go viral because there are so many people selling
templates with best performing hooks, best performing post, best performing topics. There are even I don't know if
you know this, John, but you can buy content libraries that have infographics
about the 12 leadership styles, the nine toxic behaviors of a boss. I mean, I've
seen so many of the same infographics and the only thing I know is that people bought, you know, the library of content
that is not even relevant to their target audience, but they just want to go viral. They just want to get like 100,000 views and say, you know, pat
themselves on the back and say, "Look at me being successful." So, forget about virality. Put your target audience, your
potential clients central in your content creation process. Because what we want in the end is conversion. We
don't want we don't want massive reach. We need to have relevant reach. We need to build trust to be able to convert
potential clients into connections into meetings into you know deals. So that's
the first thing. And then authenticity. Your human voice is the most important
asset now in your content. I mean so many people are underestimating the intelligence of their audience by
thinking that their audience will not recognize the AI written post or the AI written comments. But you just mentioned
John, it's so obvious. We all know. I mean, I had a client, he's in he's in
marketing, he has a marketing agency. It's a Dutch guy and he recently reached
out to me via direct message, one-on-one message. And it was so obviously
AI generated one to many copy that I just picked up my phone. I called them
and say, "Hey, what the hell are you doing on LinkedIn?" Because you are sending me a message that is so
obviously written by AI. and I now I do no longer feel special anymore. I feel
like you're treating me as one out of the thousand. He said, "Yeah, apologize. My team are, you know, they are they are
checking new tools and you shouldn't have been in the sample audience." I was. And I said, "Stop it because it
will ruin your reputation because your audience knows it's not you. Your audience knows you're going to target
them with follow-up messages that are not coming from yourself." So with the rise of all these AI noise, your human
voice and your authenticity will make a difference. I'm I'm pretty sure about that. Yeah. And you know because I was
recently evaluating even my my profile and there's a lot of people out there like you know we'll optimize your
profile. We'll do this. We'll do that. Um and there's just a lot of it out
there. And uh lead generation seems to be like you know one of the biggest
things. We'll get you 30 new leads. we'll get you 50 new leads. We'll get you 100 new leads. Like it's all day
every day at least 10, 20, 30 uh messages that I get and uh especially
because I have a software company, right? The sales machine. We help companies increase sales and drive
performance and uh retain their customers and we do it, you know, differently as far as the outreach and
and different things. And uh but I was scrolling LinkedIn like you said and I saw several different sales leaders and
or marketing leaders literally offering their content library up for free. Get
50 different templates of this 50 different landing pages, 50 different
Exactly. handling objection charts. But at the same time though, not you know
they're getting thousands of likes, but they're getting hundreds of comments. So is it effective or totally not
effective? There are a few reasons I don't think it's effective. I think they are besides selling stuff that is copy
paste they are probably also engaged in a pod an engagement bot and you you can
recognize this by high numbers of likes, high numbers of comments, very low numbers of reposts. An engagement pot is
basically that they connect their account with a group of people that auto like auto comment on their post which
means they're actively manipulating the system to get more reach and um there is
Creating authentic content
um a ranking tool there is a news a new company is an influential company it's
called favicon it's a French company and they have a lot of list they have list of like the top 100 US LinkedIn creators
they have list of the global top 00 marketing leaders on LinkedIn. It's an amazing platform, but they are the first
to release what they call an authenticity score. And that means that they have a system now where they if you
fill in a name of any LinkedIn content creator, you can see the authenticity score and you can see if they are
manipulating the system, if they are in engagement pods, if they're using AI content and this will be a game changer
because now a lot of people who position themselves as thought leaders, sales
thought leaders, I grew my account with 300 400,000 uh followers with authenticity, you
know, with my own post without ports. they are now revealed because now you can see that they are using pods they
are using manipulation uh tricks to grow and this will be a gamecher I I told the guy I told the CEO of acom please hide
because if this tool becomes available you be will be like chased by so many
content creators that are now exposed you mentioned earlier I grew 230,000 followers my growth each month is around
0.4% 4%. Okay. So, it's not very steep. I get on a on a monthly base I get
around 800 900 maybe,000 followers more. So, it's very slow. I've been on LinkedIn since uh 2005. But any person
who grows with 5 6 7 8,000 a month, any grow that is over four to 5% of your
current follower size is for 95% sure manipulated. and and and when it's
manipulated, it has less value because these are either fake accounts or very
inactive accounts from regions that you're not like working in. So, it's it's manipulated engagement. It doesn't
bring you conversion. That's the most important part. That's why I always say don't chase numbers, but chase impact.
You want to have an impact. Yeah, I get it. And you said a key to identifying
those fake profiles and a lot of people are doing it and I wouldn't not fake profiles but you know the let's just
call it exaggerated fake growth fake growth. Yeah. The key
to identifying those and a lot of them are doing it to sell you a LinkedIn course on how to grow exactly your
exactly your LinkedIn and um their business is not a brickandmortar business and or a marketing play. It's
really they're selling they they want to show you that and so that they you can sell that. But ultimately if your
business is not in selling LinkedIn courses, what's the point? So that's
that's spot on, John. That's spot on. I don't get it because I also have a community. It cost $1,000 a month and
some people joined my community after spending $5,000 on a cohort where the owner said, "I've
grown to 1 million followers." You can do the same. And when you pay the
$5,000, you get his content library. Okay? So, you get his post. He plugs
your profile into an engagement pot of all the other clients, which is a risk because you can lose your profile if
LinkedIn detects it. But what people forget is that his goal to grow on LinkedIn to find new clients that buy
his LinkedIn system is not their goal because they are selling SAS software, they are selling email marketing, they
are doing whatever different. So it doesn't it doesn't resonate and they don't get it and they get a lot of reach
from an irrelevant audience. So in the beginning it grows their ego but after two three months they realize like hey
this is not bringing me any new clients and they get disappointed they pay the $5,000 so they lost it and then they
turn to other people like me like say okay now like help me to translate the
best working strategies into what works for me with this target audience in this specific industry. Yeah. So reposting if
if people aren't reposting this stuff it's pretty pretty likely that it's just bots. Yeah. If you get high high numbers
of likes and comments that is that can be automated. What don't what is not automated yet is repost. So one of the
things that I'm actively steering on with my content is to create content that is so insightful, so relevant that
people want to repost it because they want to be the messenger in their network. A high number of repost
indicates to the LinkedIn algorithm that you are influential and insightful in
terms of content sharing which makes them actually increase your reach. So you need to go for a lot of repost.
Yeah, I get it. And you know, repost this and I'll send you a playbook. repost this and um you know I'll feature
you or your business um and or have you jump on the podcast and let's talk about
it how you're different because I never say that I'm better than anybody. I'm definitely different than everybody. I'm
not better than anybody but I'm different than everybody because I'm not trying to be somebody I'm not. And I
just think that's just, you know, it's a real turnoff when people try to, you
know, be good at everything and say they know everything, right? But this is your arena. And, you know, even me, I want to
get better at engaging people that want to increase their sales, drive
performance with the sales machine. you know, a software as a service that we automate rewards, recognition,
competition, compensation, and levels of development and growth for organizations
to have an all-in-one system so they don't have to buy several different technologies. It's that simple. That's
what I do. I've been doing it for 30 years. I just took that psychology, the methodology, and now I put it into
technology. You know, I had to hire engineers. What do I know about coding? Nothing. But I know how to grow
companies, right? You know how to grow LinkedIn. So what is the structure you
use or and the framework you use to actually help companies like Nestle and
PWC to set up campaigns to attract new customers for them authentically. So
what we teach and and we normally work with sales teams. So we train sales
teams and we guide marketing teams in what they can do to support their salespeople from the company page. When
we work with the salespeople, we explain to them that there are four important elements in your individual sales
strategy on LinkedIn. First one is your branding. That's where it all starts. Your profile needs to be customer
centric. Not a resume, but customer centric. So when a potential client lands on your profile, he needs to be
impressed about the relevance of the content, the expertise you demonstrate
on your profile. So whenever you are going to send an invite to connect to prospects and they check you out because
they never heard of you prior to the invite, it needs to be a no-brainer to accept. Okay? And a lot of sales people,
I think 70 maybe 80% of the sales people that we onboard in our training programs
when we discuss we're going to start with your profile they all go like nah I've been on LinkedIn for 8 10 years my
profile is okay and then when we look it's missing converting elements it's not customer centric they talk about
Building a strong content strategy
cross-selling upselling increasing market revenue no client wants to hear that you are cross-selling or upselling
your client wants to hear what's relevant for them not what's relevant for you know a recruiter so that's First thing, branding. Second, your content
strategy. If as a salesperson, the only thing you are doing is engaging, reposting, liking company content, it's
not going to fly. You need to be or become an authority on LinkedIn. And that involves having your own unique
content strategy that on the one hand positions you as the expert, the person
to go to in your field of expertise, but on the other hand creates trust,
credibility, and humanizes your brand. So it makes you approachable. So that is often a combination of thought
leadership content, industry related content, but also personal storytelling. The more you dare to share of your
journey, the more easy it gets for people to approach you when they have questions. So that's your content, the
thing, the post I publish. Third one is your engagement strategy. If you don't
have an engagement strategy in 2025, you're not going to win the LinkedIn game. With engagement strategy, I mean
comment strategy. Besides my daily post, I spend another 20 to 30 minutes a day
leaving insightful, relevant comments on content shared by peers, influencers,
clients, or prospects. Because if you leave insightful, relevant comments that
add value to the discussion on other people's profiles, you position yourself directly in their network. So instead of
only sending out my own post and actually being in my bubble, I need to literally step out of my bubble and
comment on other people's post to get more visibility. And then the fourth one, and that should be a no-brainer for
sales people as well, is your conversion strategy. There are so many people, John, that think, hey, I optimize my
profile. I publish like three, four times a week. I do some comments, and now I'm going to sit back, relax, and
watch the magic happen. You need to support your clients convert to the
first meeting. If you don't reach out to them, if you don't make it as simple as possible, you will miss out of 90% of
the conversion. So to give you an example, I create a post and a prospect is liking the post, not commenting, not
is liking the post. you know, I can forget about this moment and wait until
he's going to respond again to my next pose or whatever or he's sending me a message, but probably this will not happen because a lot of people are very
reluctant to respond or are very passive. So, what I do if I get a like from somebody who could be a potential
client, I send a connection request and say, "Hey, John, I just saw you like my post today about modern social selling.
Thanks a lot. Let's connect and I would like to see more of your content as well." and you get a 80% acceptance rate
if somebody visits your profile based on your post because LinkedIn is now
rolling out new analytics which means you can actually see who comes to your profile based on which post. So if my
target audience visits my profile but they don't do any action more they don't invite me they don't whatever I reach
out to them and say hey I saw you recently visit my profile was it something I shared you know um an
introduction or a mutual connection I would love to connect with you and see more of your content. So you need to
really follow up on all these engagement signals or buying signals proactively to
grow your network with potential clients. If they accept, they will now
see all your future content because LinkedIn prioritizes new connections. So
it means there is so a huge value in proactively growing your network with people who knocked on your door because
in the end you build a network with potential clients. They will see more of your post. You will build more credibility until the moment that they
will reach out to you and say, "Hey, I've been following you now for six weeks or six months. Amazing content and
we need your expertise in our company." So it's branding, it's content strategy, it's engagement strategy, it's
conversion strategy. Those four. Yeah, I got it. So let's talk about number one
about branding. So how important is it? You're working with Nestle and, you
know, all these different high-profile clients that have, you know, literally sales teams into the hundreds and the
thousands, as an example. How important is it for them to have a personal brand
beyond the company brand where they want to bring the business to? Especially if they're they're a member of Nestle or
they're a member of PETA. Yeah, that's what I hear a lot. A lot of people like working with the biggest corporates,
they often say like no, you know, we don't need to sell because Nestle sells itself. And I I disagree and all of them
need more revenue and need more new clients. So somewhere between the perspective that dropping the brand name
already sells and their actual pipeline is not aligned. I strongly believe that
B2B sales is built on humanto human interaction. We're not selling to
companies. We're not selling to buildings. We're selling to human people who have emotions, who have a
preference, who have their own unique way of communication which is speaking
but also listening. So that means that if you lack a unique authentic brand on
LinkedIn, people will not trust you. People will not give you the credibility you need to have to knock on the door,
to open the door, and to get your first meeting. It's your it's your personal brand that makes people decide whether
they are receptive to book a meeting with you, yes or no. It's not directly the company. It's not that I call a company say, "Hey, I'm from Nestle. You
want to have a meeting and and you know, buy, I don't know, 100 coffee machines for your hospital." It's it doesn't work
like this. I need to really from a personal point of view impress my decision maker, my client with the value
I share, the way how I position myself and when it resonates, they become much more receptive. So B2B sales is built on
humanto human interaction. Yeah. And how do they link that? Do they just how do they link their personal profile if they
they're not if they don't own their own company? Like I own my own company. I've always owned my own company it seems
like for 30 years. Um I haven't you know I got out of the military never never
got a job like you know not interested and so I have a personal brand John
Rankkins and then I have a company brand obviously the sales machine has its own
page but I get way more engagement andor followers on my personal brand. So I you
know I agree with you there. Should every salesperson for Nestle become an authority and an expert? It's difficult
because a lot of people who want to become an authority will never become an authority because they don't know how to
position themselves or they simply don't have the in-depth knowledge or expertise to be seen as an authority. So we are
working at the moment one of our most in demand training programs is our LinkedIn
leader program where we take people we help them to position themselves as
thought leaders to increase their communities to increase their reach with the end goal to convert to new business
opportunities. And sometimes when we work with clients, with companies, they give us a list of names. And very often
we delete like half of the name and say like, okay, we've looked at the person, we've looked at LinkedIn, we've spoken
to the person, this person will never be a thought leader. Not because he doesn't want to be, because there's no fit,
because it's it's a title you cannot claim if you don't walk the dog. If you don't have the in-depth knowledge, if
you don't have the expertise that sets you apart from any of your competitors, it's very difficult to become a thought
leader. So, does everyone at for example Nestle needs to become a thought leader?
It's impossible. But sales people Yeah. And if they do become a thought leader, guess what they do? They leave. They
leave Nestle. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. But that that's obviously, you know, if some
of them will, some of them will not. But we all heard HR complaining about
LinkedIn trainings because if we increase the visibility of our salespeople, we also increase the visibility towards recruiters and they
get head-hunted and they leave the company. You know, that's a a whole different discussion. But if people leave the company, Exactly. If they
leave the company, it has nothing to do with LinkedIn. It has something to do that somebody makes them a better offer or they feel that they're at the top of
their career. So there are always other reasons why people leave the company. It's not because they have an optimized profile. It's not because they create,
you know, really cool posts on LinkedIn. Yeah, I get it. But, you know, uh and a
lot of people don't want to be a thought leader. They just want to add value because for me, sales is three things.
How to leverage engagement for lead gen
And I'm an old Zigg Ziggler guy. Number one, number one is we come from service,
right? And number and never nervous. Why? Why I got to be nervous? Because I'm in service. Number two, I'm here not
to sell you something, but to solve your problem. Exactly. And then number three,
I'm going to keep coming back to make sure you're satisfied and find other ways I can to continue being in service
helping you. Um, and you know, so I get it. You want to grow your LinkedIn, you
got to have a personal brand and a professional brand that relates to your company. So both are important. The
second thing is content strategy. Now, you were saying if you really want to grow, you know, you need to reach out to
other people and say, "Hey, I like your content. I like what you're doing." That's essentially like reaching out to
another thought leader, another influencer, another expert, and saying, "Hey, man, I resonate with what you're
doing." But a lot of business owners, a lot of leaders of companies, they're not creating any content. Correct. They got
like, you know, I work with companies all the time, manufacturing, distribution companies. with field sales
agents and they're just trying to, you know, increase sales and drive performance and they're not interested
in posting content or anything like that. Yet, they're my ICP. They're
they're the people that I really they're my ideal client profile because I know I
can help them. And I would wouldn't call myself a thought leader, more of a
results leader based on the results I actually help people create. But for the
people who don't want to be a thought leader or the the individuals out there whether they're CEO they're the seuite
or they're VP of sales or VP of marketing for those guys that want to
grow their LinkedIn essentially and or they just want to solve a problem. They want to increase their sales and drive
performance. What do you suggest they do for their salespeople to expand
essentially their distribution channels? So you mean what sales leaders need to do to help their teams to sell better on
LinkedIn on to to to generate leads? Yeah. on LinkedIn and to open up new
distribution channels as an example like if I for example if I manufacture you
know chips and cookies in its simplest form and I want to distribute to mom and
pop shops as well as 7-Eleven as well as Stater Brothers or as well as Safeway,
you know, big Costco, big big retail as well as small retail. What can I do with
my LinkedIn to do that? Even though I'm not a thought leader, I'm just trying to
get my people out there and give them a system to generate leads and close more deals. If you're enjoying this episode
and you're picking up what I'm putting down and what the guests are actually putting out there, do me a favor, like
and comment what you liked about the episode or even comment what would you
like to hear, what topics would you like to hear in the future? because believe
me, it matters. I read absolutely every single one of them and I want to bring
you more and more value to help companies scale so that we can grow this podcast to make a bigger difference.
Now, let's get back to the show. You know, if you look at the stats, only 1.4% of all LinkedIn members are
publishing content on a weekly base. And I was in Washington DC in November on a
on a big uh event providing a keynote on LinkedIn lead generation. And when I
showed that number 1.4%, I saw a lot of people in the audience. There were a thousand people in the audience. They
were relieved. And I said, I see what you're doing. You're relieved because now you feel like, hey, I'm not publishing content, but now this guy is
telling I belong to the majority, so nothing to worry. And I said, I challenge you to see it from a different
perspective. It means that if you step up your game and only create one post a week, you now outperform 98% of your
competitors as well because they're not publishing on on a weekly base. So there's a huge huge opportunity.
Leaders, CEOs, even in manufacturing, they need to understand that a post from a CEO on average gets four to six times
more exposure than a post from salespeople. Why? because seale
are more being searched for by decision-m units by stakeholders in the
industry because we want to know what company leaders are doing on LinkedIn and what they're saying. A CEO that
starts to publish will see a more rapid growth than any of the salespeople. By doing that, he or she can increase the
visibility of the company but also can help support the growth of the salespeople. There was a a USbased
software company that we worked for. It's a client. We worked with them for over three years where we took some of
their sea levels, some of the director level and we gave them additional channels. We gave them a LinkedIn
newsletter. We gave them a podcast. We gave them a LinkedIn live event to start talking about as you mentioned before
the results they bring to their clients. Okay. the added value to bring not their
products not as but what the results and on those podcasts on those LinkedIn lives there came more and more traction
Becoming a thought leader (and why it matters)
from their target audience now the CEO is not going to follow up the CTO is not going to follow up but if you give those
lists of people who have engaged to your sales and you have uh a system in place
that they can follow up and say hey we just saw your comment on the podcast from a CEO with an interesting opinion
on topic X and I would love to hear more about you. Let's connect. We saw that
there was a 45% positive follow-up rates from the salespeople on content shared
by leaders in the company and also you know uh you show you guide them because
that's another thing that I see with some companies. I I've worked with companies where a sales leader, so a
CSO, instructed us, you need to teach my salespeople to use LinkedIn in a more
efficient way to generate leads. So they need to create content, they need to follow up, they need to spend their time on LinkedIn. I love it. Okay, that's
what we do. Okay, we will take them, we will guide them, they will become successful, but what is it that you do
yourself? And then the C cos said, "Ah, no, no, no, I don't have time for LinkedIn. I don't publish on LinkedIn." I said, "That's the wrong signal you
give. You need to lead the way. So be part of the training or we have an individual program before we start
because they're going to look at you and they're going to look like okay how is our leader doing on LinkedIn? What is he
sharing? How is he connecting with our target audience? So it needs to be I would almost say in the DNA of all the
people involved in business development and sales to become more active on LinkedIn. And if you do it as a team, if
you do with multiple people, don't underestimate the synergy you can create. If all the people step up the
game on LinkedIn at the same time, you create a massive magnet towards your company page and your company content.
Yeah. And in saying that, you also said you should re reach out to other influencers and know what your
competition is doing. Should you like and share your competitor's content? It depends the type of competitor you have.
I I I am connected with a lot of I wouldn't call them LinkedIn experts but they are experts using LinkedIn in a
perfect way. Um and I don't care to like or comment on their content and yes they might have the same clients. Yes, they
might be a competitor, but you know, if it's valuable content, I respond. Um, in
some industries, and I've also seen with some of our clients that they would never like or comment on a competitive
post because those are very aggressive markets. And and imagine by commenting on a post, you increase the visibility
for your competitor as well. Um, also I've worked with companies in specific areas, for example, pharma where people
were not even allowed from the company perspective to engage with competitors post. Okay. So there we have a legal
issue. Whether it's legit or not, I don't know. There is a difference between peers and competitors because I
have so many peers that when I respond to their post, it increases my own visibility because they have a very big
influential network. Some of them they don't know me. So commenting on those posts actually increases my visibility
in a new network. So I would never hesitate to leave an insightful comment on a on topic quality post from a peer.
If it's a 100% competitor and I know that we are up against them with several
of our clients, I might not do it because I don't want to increase the visibility. But that's you know it's
it's it's common sense I guess. Yeah. And but I think there's a fine line. So as an example you're you work with
Salesforce. Salesforce has thousands of salespeople globally and not just that
they have a lot of software integrators. I mean people that are selling Salesforce that don't work for
Salesforce, they're just resellers. And so when you work for Salesforce and you
develop a playbook for them and their salespeople, where do you find the balance for them posting, creating
content? Uh is it directed by the company? Do you do the strategy with the
company and the salespeople? And how do you walk the line? Because Salesforce, their competitors are HubSpot, their
competitors are Zoynamics. We we get thrown into the bucket of CRM and
Salesforce, which to me all the CRM, you heard it here, folks, address books,
they don't drive performance. They just manage and track the data where you can measure it but unless you have alignment
and rewards and recognition and competition it really doesn't drive performance. It's just track performance
right so very different. So how do you set up and work with a company like Salesforce to stand out amongst the
crowd of HubSpot Zoho or the sales machine? If we work with big corporates,
obviously we need to align between marketing and sales because we cannot walk a certain direction with the sales
people and tell them to create a specific type of content. Well, while it's not aligned with, I don't know,
brand guidelines or corporate goals. So, one of the things we do before starting
with a sales program is that we have a few sessions with marketing, but also to assess what type of content they are
currently having to facilitate to sales. And this is very interesting because I can tell you 90% of our clients when we
start working with them marketing does not have the right content for sales to
use for outreach. They have these dense white papers, dirty pages. They have
these dense benchmarks nobody cares about because it's all about blah blah blah and it's very badly targeted at the
challenges and needs of the clients. Furthermore, either you have two type of sales people. sales people that say,
"Ah, give me the white paper and I will post it on LinkedIn so I can tick the box." Did you create a post on LinkedIn?
Yes, I did. Did it do anything? No, it it didn't. But that was not that was not my task. My task was to just publish the
white paper. So, I did. And other sales people who say like, I know the information inside the white paper could
be valuable for my clients. I don't want to publish the white paper because I know nobody's going to read it and I
lack the skill to convert this dense white paper 30 page into a suitable easy
to digest LinkedIn post. Okay, so those are things that we discuss with marketing. Hey, you have a white paper
30 pages great. But we want you to create a one-page infographic. We want
you to create two or three teaser post for your salespeople to start using in their outreach. And if somebody
resonates and responds, then as a follow-up, they can say, "Hey, we have a 30-page white paper for free. Do you
mind me send it over to you?" So, it's it's understanding the mechanisms of
LinkedIn outreach, understanding that in your first outreach, also your post, it should be easy to digest, easy to scan,
and don't take more than 10 seconds to see if it has value, yes or no. If that's not the case, all your content
efforts will fall flat. They will not do anything. So it's it's essential that we
have the discussion with marketing to make them understand because marketing needs to feed sales in general with
marketing content and then besides that we teach sales people how to create
their own individual content strategy that together with the marketing materials creates a unique experience
for their audience. Yeah. And I'm sure you've heard of IDA attract influence desire and action. I came up with a
model called Ice Ice Baby. Okay, not Ice Ice Baby, but I've sang with Ice. I've s
I actually sang with Vanilla Ice on stage and it was pretty cool. But no, I came up with my own ice framework for my
marketing to understand what we our salespeople need, which is attract, influence, convert, right? And then
elevate. Elevate is means convert a sale. But you know, so we went through the branding, I get it. We went through
the content and now it's all about engagement. So what do you think are the
keys to actually getting engagement, getting you know someone for to convert
like for me it's attract them, influence them to download something, to comment,
to like to do something, to repost. What do you think is the key to engaging and
then getting them to take action? I think one of the key words is uh reciprocity. So I think if you want your
clients to engage with you, if you want to tease them, to get to know you, you need also to show them that you're
alive, that you value their content, that you respond. And like you said before, this obviously only works if
your clients are publishing content. Because if you have people that are signing on LinkedIn, you cannot reach out to their content. What we do in our
programs is that we give salespeople a KPI. And this this is depending on the company whether they want to have five
comments a day or 10 or 20. We recently wor with a company that went all in and they said our people need to leave 30
Handling competition and saturation
comments a day. And I said that's a lot 30 comments a day because we don't want them to leave comments like great post.
Thank you for sharing. Because it doesn't do You know what I mean? It doesn't do anything if if you have
those comments. It doesn't position you. It doesn't add value. And it might even be done with an automation. So it
doesn't has it's better not to comment than to leave great post. Um the problem
thumbs up. Yeah. Yeah. Like that. No, the problem for many sales people, many
people in general LinkedIn is not what to comment because if they see a post that is relevant to them, they know what
to comment because they have their knowledge. They know they know, you know, their stuff. The problem is that
they lose so many precious time on finding those posts that are actually
relevant. Because if you scroll your feed, 20% of what you see is LinkedIn telling you what they want you to see,
not what's relevant for you. You know, you see a lot of ads, you see a lot of posts are not relevant to you. So
scrolling your feed is the worst thing you can do. So we teach them, we have a
system and we have software where you can say, "Okay, these are my top 50 clients. These are my top 20 peers." You
put them in the system and you get a feed outside LinkedIn with all chronologically ordered their posts. So
no more scrolling, no more visiting profiles to see whether someone has published yes or no. No, you just go to
this tool and you go start at the top and you leave all those comments and you
build. That's absolute gold. That was a golden nugget you just dropped right there. So is that in the is Yeah, that's
gold, right? Because otherwise, you know, you're just wasting so much time
scrolling these feeds when in actuality, what is the steps you take the people
through? And I'm going to I'm going to just I'm going to get is this in your playbook and the alber the algorithm of
what you create? No, it's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. No, no. Because No, the the the tool and the system is not
in there. Um I agree. We came up with this system because you don't want your sales people to spend like half an hour,
45 minutes to scrolling in or to look for profiles and then come up with two comments. I mean that's not the
efficiency we want. What you want is to have them to identify their top prospect list, the top peer list and to dive in
in 10 15 minutes a day leaving 10 comments. You will be so impressed about
the increase in incoming invites from your target audience, the increase in engagement, reciprocity on your own
posts that this is probably number one tactic for 2025, your engagement
strategy. And you know, and I can tell you we use a tool, it's a tool created
by uh someone I really value. It's useaware.com.
It's a tool outside LinkedIn. works like like you know it it it works like a
blast and it saves me on average three to four hours a week in finding those comments because I have them all like in
a list. That's priceless. That's priceless. So, you know, uh I am like blown away by your playbook. the, you
know, you spent 20 years and you just spent $30,000 creating that playbook to actually
understand the algorithms for companies and individuals to use to literally
scale their LinkedIn and just become a sales machine on LinkedIn. That
resonates with me. And so for everybody out there listening right now, literally
imagine you can download Richard Vender Blum's playbook. And for today, I told
you we'll give you a special code. And the code is the sales machine. And typically, LinkedIn authorities out
there are charging anywhere between a,000 and $5,000 to optimize your profile to do, you
know, give you courseware. Richard has created a playbook about all of the
algorithm and how it works on LinkedIn, especially just for the show. you use
the promo code, the sales machine, you can get it for €99.
And not only that, you can download that playbook and then most importantly reach
out to him and he can walk you step by step, little by little, how he's allowed
Salesforce, Nestle, PWC to scale their sales teams, to generate more leads and
be even more successful. And if he can do it with the big boys, he can do it with you. Go. Where do they go to
download that playbook? They can go to my LinkedIn profile, Richard Vanderblum. It's on top of my just below my profile
picture, there's a link. If they click it, they go directly to the page where they can buy the playbook. And also in
my featured section, the first item in my featured section is also get your copy of the playbook. So there are two
links very present on my profile where they can click on and they can go to Hey folks, for those looking to get more
results out of their LinkedIn, Richard is gifting our listeners with a discount and and we're going to give you a promo
code for his content algorithm playbook on LinkedIn. Over $30,000 have been
invested, 20 years of experience. The updates on the algorithm is for life.
So, you invest as little as €9 and you're going to get a report direct to
your email box every time that algorithm changes. So, go check it out, download
the report, invest in what's working right now and what's going to work in
the future. And you can find it in the show notes. He does it for the big boys. He can do it for you, too. Now, back to
you, Richard. What are the biggest mistakes people are making and how long does it take them to correct them and
get on track and or work to transform what they're doing? Well, people can make a lot of mistakes on LinkedIn
unfortunately. So, this could be a very long list, but let me let me give you some of the things I often witness. So,
first of all, treating LinkedIn like a a broadcast channel. So, you're only there to create posts. You're only there to
pitch people, but you don't engage in the LinkedIn ecosystem. I mean there is no engagement from you to other people.
There's no interest in other people. You're just there to sell. That's not working, you know, and people will see it and you will not get any conversion.
Second, your content strategy doesn't put your clients at the center. That's
also a mistake. Every post I make is to support my target audience to understand
better how they can use LinkedIn for sales. That's like the the central point of all my content. And every now and
then I use what I call converting content. So I I make a post about how
can people collaborate with me? What can they get from me? Every now and then, you know, I help my audience to I
support my audience to convert. Unfortunately, a lot of people have it the other way around. Eight out of 10 posts is about what they have to offer
where you can buy and only two out of 10 are value. It needs to be the other way around. Nine out of 10 needs to be value
sharing insights for free. one out of 10 need to be to help your audience to convert. Another mistake, we already
discussed this, but it's it's worthwhile to to emphasize is if your brand is from
a salesperson, you are in trouble. If people go to your profile and they go like, "Ah, this is a salesperson." They
are going to respond less to your content. They're going to accept less your invites because they already expect
a follow-up. So that's again why you need to position yourself more as an
authority slashthought leader than as a salesperson. You probably will not believe it or maybe you don't agree with
it, John, but we have clients where we ask the salespeople to get rid of the sales name in their headline. Sales
manager at Nestle. Get rid of it. Say something like sustainability expert at Nestle. The guy is is selling machines,
coffee machines that are more sustainable. So if you call yourself sustainably the expert at Nestle, now
you're an expert. But if I call myself sales manager at Nestle, a lot of my target audience will not respond to my
invite because they expect me to follow up with a sales message. So it's really about a change of perspective. How I can
position myself on LinkedIn based on behavior for my target audience. I need to understand how are my decision makers
behave on LinkedIn. What do they do? What they do value? What are they trying to avoid? And then I can adapt my
strategy, both my profile and my content to those insights. I get it. And and I see that happening a lot as far as even
when the people send DMs, right, without sound, you know, what do people need to
do to actually attract with direct messaging people not just to connect,
but to potentially jump on a call and do it differently than everybody else? Is it a nurturing step-by-step process?
because ultimately you want to you don't want to just jump in and say, "Hey man, I saw your profile. I saw you liked what
I got um or or you like my post." What is the approach? The approach is that
you need to understand that every message has a different goal and that timing is essential. Okay? So to give
you an example, if I send out a connection request to you, John, because I know you're the big boss of a a SAS
company. So if I send you a connection request, the connection request is about you. It's not about me. It's something I
read about your company, something I saw in your post, something that resonates with you or with me on your profile. So
the connection request, it's about you. And my only goal is to get it accepted. My goal is not to book a meeting. My
goal is you need to accept. Okay? Because once you accept, it means that now I can DM you. I can send you a
message on LinkedIn because we are connect. So that's the first thing. The worst thing that you can do, I sent you
a connection request. It's all about you. Blah blah blah. John, you have a great company. I love your post. And
then you accept. The worst thing you can do is follow up on the same day or within 10 minutes because then you feel,
wow, you know, this guy tricked me into accept and now he comes with a pitch. So what I do if somebody accepts, I wait
three to four days because too eager on LinkedIn means too salesy. So I wait
three, four days, I come back to you and then I go like, "Hey John, thank you for accepting my connection request. Really
means a lot to me." And then I have what I call a conversation starter. I have something that I have a free resource
where I go like, "I don't know how you're doing with the sales machine. We see that a lot of people are making mistakes on LinkedIn for outreach. Um, I
recently wrote this article about the 10 mistakes to avoid with LinkedIn outreach. Is that something that would
be of your interest?" Now, two things can happen. either you ghost me which means you didn't went for it so then I
put you on another list and in a month I will try with another type of content or you go like hey Richard this sounds
great please send it to me then I have my third message I send you the article and then in a week I follow up and say
hey John did you had a time did you find the time to go through the article what are your thoughts what are your so I'm
going from step by step from first getting connected second try to see if
there is an opening to start a conversation about what we do and how we could support you. Three, deliver the goods for free. And then four, if you
come back to me and you say, "Wow, this checklist was really good. I forwarded to my sales team." And then probably my
message would be, "John, we have so much more resources that can support your sales team, but it would be better to
schedule a 15minute call so I can explain to you how we could support you." And that's my convers that's my
conversion message. I always ask for 15 minutes. I don't ask for half an hour. I don't send a calendar link. I just go
like, "Do you have 50 minutes?" Because I have so much more value to give or to show you. But I prefer to do it in a a
personal meeting. Yeah. So, tell me if this sounds familiar. Hi, John. As the
CEO of the sales machine, I see you help companies increase sales, drive
performance, and retain your customers. And I see that you also help companies
like Dory and this this this endorsement that's on your website. If you would
like more clients like Dory, how would you like to book a 15minute call on my
calendar? Yeah, it's horrible. I look forward to hearing from you. Yeah, it's horrible.
I get 10 of these a day. I actually I actually You're probably going to laugh at this, John. I actually put a symbol
in the company's name on LinkedIn. A symbol that we know is not part of the name, but I put it there because now
when I get those messages, the symbol is in there and no people with common sense that would type the company name
manually would input a symbol. So whenever I see that my company name is written entirely with a symbol, I know
it's it's an automation that says hi first name. I see you are job title at
current company and then they go to your recommendations or to your work experience. They do some name dropping
and then they expect you to book the 15-minute call. That's what I said in the beginning that people underestimate
the intelligence of their potential clients because you feel that it's scripted. You feel that somebody sending
Direct messaging strategies that convert
out in I know it's scripted. Yeah. And and you know I still get tons of these
and uh me too. Yeah. So, you just wrote the book playbook and you've updated the
playbook with the algorithm. When was the last time the algorithm changed? It's constantly changing. It's
constantly changing. Our research has stats and data until the end of March. So, we released it April 28th, but it
has relevant or relevant. It's based on what was working is working in the
algorithm until the end of March. But September and always January are two
moments that we do a small update. So, we're not going to release another 250 page report, but most of the time it's
between 10 and 20 pages where we say, "Hey, this is what it was in April, and this is the add-on. These are the recent
changes." The last time they updated the algorithm, what should companies do
immediately to pivot until they download your playbook?
Yeah, there are two things that really stand out. So, first of all, and this was officially announced by LinkedIn uh
around eight months ago, um LinkedIn tweaked the algorithm
because their head of product literally said, "We don't want our members to
chase virality. We want them to become more impactful." So, what we're going to do, we are going to show your post to
less people, but to more relevant people. And for 95% of the creators
individual and for 96% of all the companies, reach has gone down hugely.
I'm talking 40 to 50% compared to last year. Even for me, I'm currently on only
40% of my reach compared to last year. So I lost 60% of my reach and I didn't
change anything in my strategy. But call the police. Yeah. Yeah. Something like
that. You know, it's it's hugely frustrating every now and then. But the most important thing is that my
engagement, so the total number of likes, comments and repost is exactly at the same level. So that for me proves
that less reach, less people seeing your content, but the same number of engagement is that they are showing it to a more relevant people who are more
like eager and have higher intention to respond. So, one of the things and it's
it's written with all kind of stats and data and trend lines in the report, but one of the things that we should do is
let go of any KPI that has to do with visibility views and change your KPIs to
engagement and even better to conversion like how many people are downloading our white paper, how many people are coming
to our website from LinkedIn. So, that's the first thing. Second, there is a new element in the algorithm. It's called
consumption rate. Let me give you an example. If I share a video of 4 minutes
on LinkedIn, I create a post, I share a video. Previously, until last year, if
some people like the majority of people would watch two minutes,
that would have meant two minutes of dwell time. Dwell time means how long do people stay on my post to consume? Two
minutes, which is huge on LinkedIn. Okay. So until last year, publishing a
video 4 minutes on average people watching 2 minutes would mean LinkedIn would qualify your post as being
relevant because of the two-minut screen time and then would increase your reach. This is why we saw last year long videos
being successful, carousel post with 200 slides being successful, you know, because people kept clicking on the next
slide and maybe they stopped after 50 slides, but hey, they clicked on 50 slides, huge success.
Now LinkedIn implemented consumption rate which means same example a 4inut video people dropping up after 2 minutes
the consumption rate is 50%. 50% of your content is not consumed which is a
negative penalty for the algorithm. 200 slides and people click 50 slides
25% consumed 75% not consumed. So now your main role also on a company page is
to make sure that once people start with your content they end it so they consume
it entirely. So that means easy to digest, micro content, videos of max 1
minute, slide decks of max 12 slides, infographics, all the information that
can be like retrieved and consumed instantly is performing way better than
last year. That's amazing. That's priceless because I mean uh it's never ending how many
minutes um people are not going to spend especially if
you're not engaging and you're not influential. So priceless. Uh thanks so
much Richard for being on the show. Ladies and gentlemen, reach out. um I be
a part of the network if you really are in B2B sales and whether you're you know
targeting uh CEOs or you're targeting uh
vice presidents or directors uh LinkedIn is the place to find them and it's the
place to nurture relationships and you might as well go to the expert who's been doing it for 20 years. Uh, any
final thoughts, Richard? Yeah, my only final thought would be never never ever write for the algorithm
because you know it's not working. Always put your human audience central in whatever you do. But with some basic
understanding or let me say with average understanding of the algorithm, you can already double your impact on LinkedIn.
So it's first your audience and then with all the knowledge that for example I'm sharing but there are more people
sharing that you can really double or triple your uh conversion your engagement with the same efforts.
Ladies and gentlemen, Richard Banderblam. Thank you John. Thanks. Thanks. That was
brilliant man. That's a wrap folks. Thanks for joining me today. And if you got value from this episode, do me a
favor. Like, subscribe, and refer a friend. And if you want even more value, go to the salesmachine.com,
click on resources, and there's tons of resources there to increase profits and
drive performance in your business. Right on. Right on. Come on.


