 Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6gzJ6YmkeY
Expert: Richard van der Blom
Topic: The 2026 Playbook for LinkedIn Authority and B2B Growth in Europe
Date collected: June 2026

---

Introduction & Richard’s Background
Hi Richard, nice to be here with you. Uh thank you for answering our message and I would like if you quickly can just
present yourself for our viewers in like two to three sentences. Of course. My name is Richard Vandablum. I'm Dutch but u you see we are here in
beautiful Valencia in Spain. I've been living here for 9 years now. Um I've been an entrepreneur since 2010
and I focus mainly on the channel LinkedIn. Okay. Awesome. So uh for the first
section we will talk about authority and positioning on LinkedIn. So uh most people think the authority comes on
LinkedIn from like posting and commenting all the time but I don't think that's the like just that is
enough like what are the main things signals that you should watch out for. Yeah good question. I think first if we
What Actually Builds Authority on LinkedIn
talk about authority it's something that LinkedIn alone cannot give you. That's also a mistake
that a lot of people make. I mean authority is something you have and you can use LinkedIn to like scale the
visibility. Um what I think is very important that you
understand the mechanism of LinkedIn which is profile, content, engagement. Those three are like the pillars of
thought leadership. So first you need to know how to position yourself towards your target audience. Then you need to
have the right content strategy which for a thought leader is completely different than for example for a salesperson.
Um, and then your engagement need to be on a strategic level. So what are then the three biggest
mistakes people make when they're trying to become thought leaders and maybe what are three secret actions they should be
Biggest Mistakes Thought Leaders Make
doing instead? Yeah, I think there are a lot of mistakes. I think people expect uh
results too fast. Okay. You know, it's not that um you can build authority on LinkedIn,
let's say in uh following a a templated book in 60 days or something. It's really something that you need to be
patient with and you need to build up uh and also be aware of the signals you
are getting if you're on the right track. So that's that's the first thing expecting too uh too fast results. Uh
second I think people make a mistake that they treat LinkedIn as any other social media. Okay.
So people who have been successful on Facebook or maybe on their website or or or even uh Instagram, they come to
LinkedIn using the same tactics which often don't work. And maybe another
mistake that thought leaders make is that they want to do it all by themsel
and you need your network uh to scale your trust. Okay. Because you can
position yourself but trust is gained from your audience. Okay. What are then maybe three secret
actions or like good we can we can switch them. No basically three secret actions is you
need to have strategic alliances. So for example, if you are a sea level
Strategic Alliances & Smart Engagement
in a in a in a in a company, you need to have your internal ambassadors, your
employees helping you to get more reach on LinkedIn. If you are a solo entrepreneur, you need to have other
entrepreneurs to collaborate with you to scale your visibility. So strategic alliances are very important. Uh second,
often underestimated, is how important your engagement strategy is. So not just
commenting but know when to comment, how to comment and also to what type of
content you need to uh comment. And then uh the third if you are in the game for
conversion that's also some it's a big myth that if you optimize your profile, if you have a
right content strategy that conversion will come from itself. Um you need to be proactive in that. So you need to
proactively go out and convert like contact engagement into leads.
Okay. So then maybe what are signals that you can be following to like know that you're going into direct direction
and becoming a trusted voice are those likes, analytics, where can I find that? Yeah, it depends also on the on on on
the stage where you are in because um
you need to start somewhere. Okay. So if you start if you were like starting to build your authority on LinkedIn you can
Metrics That Actually Matter on LinkedIn
sure you can look at likes you can look at your engagement rate how many comments you get at repost because those are not just numbers they are very good
indicator if you move along the journey and you want to see more conversion you want to get more leads you want to grow
your business it's more about do I receive invites from the right people when I post do I get incoming direct
messages do I get via my own channels email uh phone requests from people who
start a conversation with I follow you on LinkedIn, I see you on LinkedIn and this is what I need. Uh so it's more
about conversion related KPIs if you move like more ahead in your journey.
Authenticity, AI Content & Personal Branding
Okay. So now that we are for example posting stuff, how do I make sure that my post seems authentic and emotional
and harmful instead of just being like salesy? Many people do that with
just open claw and say write me an authentic post. No, really, no, no, no,
no. But it's it's a fact that we live now where I think eight of 10 boss have the same rhythm, have the same style
because obviously people use AI or whether it's cla doesn't matter. Um,
you mentioned something like authentic, but authenticity is also a lot of people
like really everything they do is com it needs to be authentic. But what is authentic? I mean, is it a selfie?
Is it that you share an opinion? Because selfies can also have a different impact
if they're not relevant to the story. No offense, but I see people posting selfies. They talk about, for example,
SAS software and they post a selfie from them on the beach. There's no relevance
in being authentic. Or uh they start a personal story, which I love, but it's
not not nowhere relevant to what they want to achieve on LinkedIn.
I think you need to be aware of your main topic. That's the most important thing. So what is my main expertise and
every single post you need to answer yourself before you publish
what's the value of this post and how does this help my target audience and if
you have those answers for eight out of 10 post that's the best type of post you
can create. I think that also ting how I see it also that you show a little bit of your character because everybody wants to be
professional. I agree. I agree. And and I have examples whenever I do keynotes,
I have one big example and I have more about a personal post I made uh from me
and my gardener in Spain uh or a story about me and my dad who still lives in
Holland. And they really blew up in terms of not only likes and only views,
but you get so many one-to-one feedback from clients because it resonates with their own story or with their own
history or experience. So I think it's essential that we show personality in
our posts. Yeah. If you mean that with au authenticity, I'm all I'm all in. Awesome. So now that we move a little
bit more to general LinkedIn like it's on a global social media but Europe is always like each continent is a little
bit different I feel like. And what is maybe different and how should you adapt LinkedIn when you work
in European like global market for example? not not global so European whole European market
Cultural Differences on LinkedIn Across Europe
that's a very interesting question and I it's it's it's not easy to answer
and you know why because first of all you Europe differs from for
example North America okay because uh North America uh United States Canada
they have the the highest penetration on LinkedIn they have been the early adopters and they use it in a in a in a
slightly different way. If you compare how we use it in Europe, for example, to how Asia use it or the Middle East or
even Africa or even South America, it's also completely different because the cultural differences we have in
communication and above all in B2B communication, we also see them on LinkedIn.
So, for example, um being direct with Asian contacts doesn't
work. um going directly for conversion with Mediterranean countries, Spain,
Italy, Portuguese, where relationships are very important doesn't work. Where if I want business with an American
company, I can be completely direct in my first message. The challenge we have in Europe is that
within Europe there are so many differences. I think Europe is like almost like a world on itself because
you have the Germans who are very hierarchic. Even if you address them, you cannot send a message like, "Hi, Tan. I need to have your surname, you
know, because otherwise I'm already done." Um, you have this uh Saudi European countries where relationship is
very important. So, I need to message I remember the first time when I came to Valencia, I wanted to I used LinkedIn to
find uh the marketeer of Vodafone here in Valencia because I wanted to have a meeting with him on LinkedIn
and I booked a meeting. So, he invited me for lunch just to give you an example and we went 1 hour on a lunch. We didn't
talk business. He just asked how is Spain this and that. And then at the end he said like can I have the bill? I say oh wait I need to discuss and he said no
no we do that next time. And believe it or not I had three lunches and then we started to talk business.
In Holland for example the UK it's much more like Americans you know you have a lunch and then directly go to the point
okay can we do business? Yes or no? So I I cannot answer the question like
say what do you need to do because it depends. You're a Slovenian guy. Okay. If you go from Savine to Holland, it's a different road than if I go from from
Spain to Finland. Mhm. The most important thing is that we need to be aware of those cultural differences. That that's the most
important thing. So if you're like working on a panuropean project, it's also the language barrier, how you
post and comment, right? So how could you like break that if you're trying to Yeah, that's that's interesting. It's a
question I actually get a lot. I get a lot of questions from people actually all over the world like what language do I use?
Should You Post in English or Your Native Language?
English language is the most used on LinkedIn but also gets favorized by the
algorithm. Okay. And when I say the algorithm, it's not only u the
technical algorithm, but it's also it's open to more people. So, you get more engagement because more people
understand English. And I'm not talking about a translation feature. I'm just talking that more people understand an
English post. However, if you work local, I recently got a question from a German executive
coach and he only works in Duck region and he said, "People advise me to publish in English." And I said, "Well,
what is the main language of your target audience and they all speak duck uh German?" Well, then you need to publish in German
because you don't want to get views from the United States or engagement from a because those are not your clients. So,
my tip is always if you have an international network, go English. If you have a regional network and regional
target audience, go regional. Just stick with your own language and don't don't chase virality because in Slovenia
itself or in Holland you don't get viral because we don't have the the number of people but go for conversion.
Could you do it also with like for example employees? So like if you work in multiple markets, one has Spanish uh
LinkedIn, one has German LinkedIn. If if people can communicate in the native language, I would definitely go
for that. So for example, we work with companies like Geminina and Simmons and
obviously they are in every European country and they're the thought leaders. They all communicate in their own language and sometimes they also share
English stuff to go a bit broader to build authority. But if you want to have your client conversations and
conversion, I always think that your native language is the best. Okay. So maybe we can switch now a
little bit more to algorithm content and growth systems. So for example, when you're following analytics, you're
Vanity Metrics vs Real Business Outcomes
trying to understand what the audience is saying to and what you should change, right? But people misunderstand or track
vanity metrics for their goal, right? Yeah. I think I I think that it's very
it has become more and more difficult um to understand what you need to
analyze and how you need to optimize. And the reason why is that there are so many people now on LinkedIn. I mean I
started my my consulting business LinkedIn back in 2009. Uh I was one of the only ones in Holland
back then. If you see how many people now share LinkedIn knowledge and share LinkedIn advice. So, and a lot of people
uh you know also compare themselves to some of those LinkedIn expires who get
massive massive exposure but they don't understand that if you're
selling a SAS product or you're selling direct market or whatever you sell it doesn't work the same. So one of the
things I always say don't look at other people metrics because if they have a different target audience if they have a
different service or product it doesn't work for you. So that's the first thing. Second, people too often still think if
I get a lot of likes, if I get a lot of engagement, conversion will come by itself.
You really should look past your LinkedIn analytics and should look how
many invites do you get? How many conversations have you started on LinkedIn? Uh how often if you look at
your new followers, are those your target audience? Yes or no? If it's your target audience, you're on track. If
LinkedIn Strategies That Work in 2026
those are randomly people, you need to like go back and adopt your content strategy.
So, what are about three LinkedIn tactics or strategies to like post and comment and interact that are like
really trendy and like useful right now in 2026 that people might not know about it.
There are a lot of things you can still do. I think one of the things um that is very important is that you need to share
because we're speaking about thought leadership. You need to share authority content. You need to share, some people
call it educational content, but you need to share content where people can see that you know what you're talking
about. It works a lot especially now in algorithm. It works a lot with infographics,
okay? Or visuals where people on one page can get the core of your message because what happens those are um type of post
that gets saved a lot and saved is one of the strongest signal. So my first tip would be create savable content. That's
first. Second, a lot of people know that their engagement is very important.
And if I tell them you need to, for example, give 20 comments a day, they look at me like you're crazy. No, because I don't have the time to do 20
comments a day. The problem that a lot of people have is that they go out and search for 20 post
that they can comment on. I spend zero minutes on searching post because it's a waste of time. Scrolling in your feed,
waste of time. So you need to have a system where you filter the post already
on topic from specific order. So I have filters and I just need to go chronological on the post and I can
leave comments like in 20 minutes I've left 20 comments as an example. Maybe maybe you can just stop on the
Why Saves Matter More Than Virality
saves because if they are the most important you have to understand a little bit about the mentality when a
person saves what kind of post do people saves. Usually there there are a few things. So what
people are not going to save and this sounds maybe uh a bit strange. People are not going
to save a carousel with 100 slides because
it is abundant. It's just too much. People are not going to save a video of 10 uh minutes because they know even
when I save it, I'm not going to look at it. Never. So the the types of post that
are getting saved are like I said infographics, short carousel posts,
um but also where you have multiple
sources and this is a a tactic that I'm trying to use myself now. If you have multiple links in a
post, it gets penalized. But multiple links also means for me that I can check
multiple sources in your post and those type of uh posts are getting also a lot of saves now. So, infographics, multiple
Why “Comment This Word” Is Dangerous
links, post, short carousel post. Probably saving is better than having a post where you say comment this word and
I will send it to you, right? Yeah. That that's that's like a tactic that came from people trying to
manipulate the algorithm. And since February this year,
uh, LinkedIn is actively penalizing people using that tactic. So, I had two
people reach three people reaching out to me that had a restricted account. And when I did a search why both of them
used that tactic were very successful. So they get a lot of the same comments because what you're actually doing
you're making hundreds of people go and comment the same word. Okay. Okay. And this is literally what LinkedIn spam
filter catches like it's a pot. It's a pot because all people are doing the same at the same time.
So that's a tactic I would never advise and still people go like yes but it works because they see the huge number
of likes engagement. But like I said, reach has been very suppressed and
people are being punished now by getting restrictions on their account. So I would never use that tactic. Okay. So you said before that uh in
Collaboration & Network Effects on LinkedIn
order to grow and get authority, it's good to collaborate and have audible other people that can vis like make your visibility bigger. So what is some kind
of strategy? How do you like make somebody want to share your posts and collaborate with you? Why would they do
that? That depends also a bit on where you stand uh and in what role you are because if you have a management or
director in a bigger company, you can probably together with marketing form an
internal ambassador group where you explain people how beneficial it is for them and
for the CEO if you comment or repost the CEO stuff. If you are a solo
entrepreneur, there were a few ways. I did it myself by just
reaching out to 10 20 big creators that I that I liked and just start commenting
on their content. Just start commenting. If you comment on their content, your content will also be visible to them and
70% will be doing the same back for you as well. So, you just give first and then you receive.
um with another group of people. Um we just created a small group where we said
like hey if the post resonates with you just leave a comment or repost in the
first hour. It's not automated. It's not on WhatsApp. It's no tool. It's just we
know that we can help each other if we help like kicking off the post. Um
and then there is another thing and that's content collaboration. And I've reached out in the past to several creators I really like. You mentioned
Jasmine earlier, but also Richard Moore, Ryan Muscleman, big names. And I said like, hey, you
have this expertise, I have this expertise, you know, we can create synergy. Let's just create a carousel
together, create a video together, like a one minute. And it works perfect because if you both post it, you become
visible in the other person's network and you get a lot of new followers, a lot of new engagement from that as well. But those not collaborate. Are there
possible collaboration post to LinkedIn? So it's the same post. No, you just need to do it yourself. Yeah. Yeah. You just need to do it. So there's no
formal way. That would be really great if LinkedIn would say like create a post and then collaborate like a button. Go
create with and then invite someone. That would be great. It's not there yet. Good idea by the way. No, this is just me or my design team reaching out to a
person saying like, "Hey Tan, I have four questions. Send me your answers. sent me two pictures and we create a
carousel that we will publish and that you can publish as well. Yeah, basically that makes sense. So also we were talking
about saves and all this kind of signals but what about followers? Some people like really focus for example. Yeah,
I' I've heard like many times people say let's get first on the company profile thousand followers and that will be it.
Are Followers Even Important?
But like are followers even that important on a company page? No. No. Since the organic reach is lower
than 2%. So, you know, I still see those marketing plans where they say like,
"Okay, for 2026, we need to grow with 5,000 followers." Why?
What's in it? Because you you can buy followers like just on you can buy
followers, you know? You just you just Google LinkedIn followers and you can buy followers and they don't they do anything. It's just good for the
numbers. Since the organic reach is so low, you need to have relevant followers
because the organic reach first batch is so low that if you have followers that are not relevant, they will not engage
and your reach dies. So it's crucial to have the most reliable relevant followers on your
company page. So I'd rather go for a thousand followers but all relevant, all from the same industry, potential
clients, peers, then 10,000 followers randomly. Yeah. also like the personal profile is
the main one especially for smaller companies right it should be right so what about then like with the followers are they important
it's not it's not completely different because um I think also on an individual profile
I would always go for thousand followers more relevant and 10,000 less relevant however people look
differently to that I still get invites for collaborations even for from from uh
brands to create post for them based on my number of followers. Okay? And they don't ask like how do you grow
the who are they just go wow you have 250,000 followers can you do a post. So it's also I don't like the word
status. I hope it it's maybe it has something to do with authority that hey this person
gained 250 he must be good in something. Um but since the reach on a personal uh
profile is much higher the the primary reach it does make a difference if you have 10,000 followers or 50,000
followers because your first batch where LinkedIn sends your content to is much bigger. So the chance that more people
What the LinkedIn Algorithm Really Rewards
are going to respond is also much bigger. Also trust and credibility right from it and also the first few likes the sooner
you get the likes in the comments the more you will explode. That's a very interesting because a lot of people and over the past year we have all devalued
likes. We said no it's all about comments and now we're saying it's all about saves. But one of the com one of
the maybe most awkward conclusions from this year's algorithm report is that likes in
the first hour are super important. We always said no likes don't do anymore. It's true after the first two
hours but the first hour it's just an indicator for LinkedIn like okay people are really enjoying the post. Okay. What
are maybe do you have any secrets about algorithm content and growth systems that many people know about?
Yeah, I I don't I I I know the term secrets or hacks and a lot of people ask
me that. I I don't believe in hacks or secrets. Um I think
it has to be authentic to your strategy, right? Authent Yeah. Yeah. It needs to be in your lane. Um, I think
Content Consistency & Choosing the Right Format
providing value in a consistent way is very important. A lot of people say
consistency is key. If you show up five times a week, that's it. No, because if you show up five times a week with
shitty content, it doesn't do anything. So, but being consistent
with adding value is important. And if you want to be a thought leader, it also doesn't work. If you are going to post
twice a month, it's not working. minimal frequency for thought leaders twice a week. Okay.
Okay. Um and then I think also very important use the formats that you feel
comfortable with. LinkedIn started to boost video in 2024. I've seen so many
thought leaders sea level people trying to make videos because
we need to do video and it devaluates their authority because they look like They they don't feel comfortable. It
feels scripted. It's not authentic. Yeah. Then don't do video. If you don't feel comfortable, create a newsletter or
create a text and image post. You have much more control. Video is a very I don't need to explain you that properly.
It's very powerful. But it's also it makes you very vulnerable. Yeah. So you need to understand that mechanism.
And also when I tried video, I had like lower reach because people come to LinkedIn just get the main info and go
on. But video takes like a lot of time for them. There are two reasons why video gets lower rank. So first is what you mentioned the behavior of your audience.
They go like ah no video 3 minutes no let's scroll. Second LinkedIn counts
views on video different than on post. People need to have viewed at least 3 seconds of your video.
So if I look and after 2 seconds I scroll it doesn't count where if I'm scrolling all the regular post that I'm
scrolling past they get a plus one plus one plus one. So it's also a different type of definition of view.
Why Reach Doesn’t Automatically Convert
Okay I think we can go also to the last part now. So, conversions, clients, and business outcomes. So, we talked a
little bit about it before, but many people get like likes and comments and like build that reach, but it never
converts to clients or rarely. So, what should they change? How should they like use all this leverage they've
already built to themselves? Yeah. So, first of all, I would advise if people come to me and say, Richard, I have a lot of success on LinkedIn. I get
a lot of views, a lot of likes, a lot of but I I don't see conversion. First thing you need to do is who are the
people who are liking your content and engaging?
90% no even higher. I dare to say 95% of the people that every single day like or
comment on my post are never going to be my clients. Why? They're very loyal.
They love my content, but they would already have been a client over the past
years if we would be a match. And that's that's okay because
they still help me in getting more reach by engaging. But if somebody says to me, I get a lot of engagement, a lot of
views, but I don't conver. Okay, but who do you is it your target audience or other people? Okay, because if there's no target audience there, you don't
create the right content. Then if we do the analysis and you see there are some people from your ideal
client profile there, then my next question is what do you do to reach out
to them? Because it's not going to happen that somebody sees your post for the first time, he's going to follow
you, like and comment your post, send you an invite, and then also send you an email and say, "Hey, can we work
together?" They they take one step at a time. So, a potential client seen your post, he likes your post today. Next
week, he comments. Okay, that is the moment. Are you still going to wait or do you think, "Hey, wait a minute. I've
seen this person two, three times. Let's invite a person. Say, hey, thank you for engaging with my content recently. Let's
connect." So we see more of each other's content, you know, like make the first step. That's what I meant in the
beginning where I said you need to be proactive with your conversion strategy. That's where a lot of people go wrong.
Silent Buyers & Enterprise Clients
They don't even have a look at who are the people who are commenting on my post, who are the if you get 100 likes,
have you checked, are there connections, are there potential clients, are there potential clients not connected? Invite
them. I think also that one mistake I just thought of is that you're trying to
be like an expert in your field and you post for example I post marketing stuff but then I figure out just the other
marketing guys are taking my advice and following me but those are not my clients so maybe how can I solve that like how
I I I don't I don't think it's worth spending your energy and this come from
someone who gets copied a lot especially with all the things we do about uh in general I mean like for example
the same thing would be if you like work in SAS and you put on your LinkedIn like some SAS advice how to build it and
you're trying to get clients for this SAS the other SAS founders who do the same thing will follow you and and just
take your advice but not your ICP so should you even post like advice that
goes deep into breaking it down or is it not worth it cuz others who do the same
thing will follow you no what you're asking is how to differentiate yourself from all the people who have the same tactic is that
or who take your content and use it also for the colleagues will do like for example competitors will follow you more than
ICP because you're posting like the stuff how to do it. Yeah. Yeah. Um I I think it's something
you cannot you cannot um avoid.
Uh that's that's what I meant. A lot of LinkedIn experts follow my content and they use it for their own products and
services which okay if I get engagement from them if they like it comment it great. You at least help me and get more
visibility. Um I'm sharing 90% of all my knowledge for
free on LinkedIn and when I started 15 years ago I think that was like 20%.
Share 20% and the other 80% if you become a client I give you that. Let's be honest we live you know you can
ask chat almost everything now like I think 90% of all the knowledge maybe 99%
is free. So I have a very strong opinion and this this goes very bad with all
knowledge heavy industries like lawyers for example who say no that's my knowledge you pay me to
uh provide you the knowledge I think that you need to give away 95% of your knowledge for free and people don't pay
for knowledge anymore when I get a request from a company it's not necessarily about the knowledge but it's
like hey Richard we read your algy report but we want you to help us to
implement it in the organization. So they want more a guide, a coach that says okay this knowledge, thank you but
how do we make use of it in the company. I think that goes for a lot of industries that we need to go from
selling the stuff to helping our clients to implement this stuff. Yeah. So actually the execution they
they like can try it out by what you did they see the results but now we did a bigger thing we need you.
Exactly. Yeah. So also there is a lot of people who don't even like on the gauge on
LinkedIn but they are the silent buyers right is there a way you can even figure them out and try to contact them or
no you just need to believe me or you that
again above 90% of your future clients belong to I call them the silent
community. So like you said they they're not active they don't like they don't comment. They don't repost because they
don't want to make themselves known, but they read everything. Everything. Everything. And because they don't engage, you don't
get names. Yeah. It's impossible. So, how do you know they exist? I don't know about you, but
I get very frequently an email. Email, not LinkedIn, email that starts with
Richard. This is my name. I work for this company. I've been following you for X months. We love your content and this is
our challenge. And then I know this is the the proof of the silent community.
Um Decalon, I don't know if you have do you have the brand Decalon, the sport shop. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. So the the the global marketing director of Decalon was the
perfect example of somebody who sent me an email and said, I've been following you since 6 months. We having this
project within Dolon and we need your help. No competitor ask. Uh I didn't
need to sell anything. I was sold because of my content. I just need to say okay let's book a call and see what
we can do together. So that's a perfect example. So they get loan is a big enterprise
client right? How can somebody find their first like enterprise client on LinkedIn like get in touch with them
land? What is the usual process to get them? Well let's be honest it's it's it's it's not it's not easy to land enterprise
How to Land Enterprise Clients Through LinkedIn
clients via LinkedIn for a few reasons. You have a lot of competition. The example I gave you is they looked
for me. they already make their mind like we need this guy. If I would have approached and said hey I'm a LinkedIn
guy and this is what I do I don't stand a chance. Um, what you need to do
probably build relations. Build relations with a few people within Decalon or within the enterprise. Start
sharing your knowledge. Start engaging with the post. Start building a relation. Maybe see if you can book like
an informal meeting uh to understand what's going on, what are their challenges. And you can use
tools like sales navigator. You can use your network for maybe to make the introductions. But in the end, an
enterprise also consists out of people, decision makers h and they also they act
on trust. So we don't build trust with a logo or with a a building, we build
trust with people. So in that way it's not that different. The only thing is you have much more competition and you
have longer decisions uh processes. That's very easy. So one like really big credibility check I also
Building Authority Through Media & Podcasts
think on LinkedIn is when you see like pictures of people on stages and podcasts and workshops, right? So so
maybe how could you attract more of that and like maybe leverage all of this stuff and get invitations for that from
the leaders. No, no, it it depends of course because if you don't want to be on stage, if you don't want to be in podcast, then this
doesn't do anything. If you go back to the thought leaders, what I always
advise them to do if they have been on YouTube on a YouTube video, if they have been on a podcast, but especially the
more traditional industries, they still have this magazines, you know, digital magazines where they are interviewed or
they give their opinion or something. Those are the things you need to show on your profile. I was interviewed by
business magazine. This, I was quoted by Forbes. I was recently interviewed by
give it. So external media presence in reliable sources works very good as an
authority and you you can put it in your banner, you can put it in your featured section, you can use it in your content as well.
But is there like a specific way to attract them more like maybe some stuff that makes this media respond more to
the I think I think uh your content so especially if your content is very about
what's going on in the industry. Okay. And you don't just share trends because that's something that everyone
can do but you share them with a very strong opinion. Okay. So here are my three trends on how to use LinkedIn for
lead generation and this is from my experience what I would advise you. That's thought leadership content. So
that's one thing and second again invite them proactively. Search for journalists
search for your magazines and just send them a message on LinkedIn and say like hey I think I have some decent stuff to
say. How about making an editorial? How how about creating an article where you feature me? It works.
Uh just the last question. What should high performing LinkedIn week look like for somebody who wants to like grow
How to Attract Media Opportunities
actively on LinkedIn? high performing LinkedIn week in like basic terms.
Richard’s Ideal High-Performing LinkedIn Week
It it yeah for if you want to create three four pieces of content
I would really I it's it's also a bit personal because what doesn't work for
me for example I cannot block time in my agenda to write content it doesn't work
because I block the time I go sit and I sit for like 10 minutes and nothing comes. So, you need to have a system
where you catch content. I call it like if I'm walking the dog and I get an idea. Okay, I have my my my my phone. I
have a dictator and I I I literally talk about the post. If I'm scrolling in the feed, I see something interesting, I
save it or I make a like a note. So, that's the first thing. So, have a content creation process to maintain the
frequency. Second, publish your post in the first hour.
Make sure that you are aware of any incoming comments that you need to respond to. Have between 10 and 20
comments a day and then have two moments in the week where you proactively scan
your own content for engagement, likes, comments, repost from your target audience to start conversation, to send
them invitations, to follow up on uh on uh invitations that they accept to start conversations. That's the most important
thing. So, content creation, engagement, and then following up with the ends.
Okay. Thank you so much for your time. It was so a lot of great advice and hope
to see you soon again. Thank you. Thank you for having me.


