Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQOEVCgBBB4
Expert: Pierre Herubel
Date collected: June 2026

---

Intro: Why most B2B marketing strategies fail
So, you want to learn how to create a
B2B marketing strategy? Well, in this
video, I'm going to explain exactly how
you should build your B2B marketing
strategy with the five foundations that
matter the most. I will explain
everything based on my experience
because I've been in marketing for the
past 8 years. I built three businesses.
I've helped over 400 B2B businesses to
create their strategy. And I also have a
training where I teach marketers and
founders how to create their B2B
marketing strategy. All right. So now
let's jump into this B2B marketing
strategy masterass. So the very first
thing you need to have in mind when you
are creating your marketing strategy is
that it should be adapted to your
business strategy. So your business
strategy is basically your vision. So
where do you want to be in the next year
and in the next 5 year? In which market?
What target audience are you helping?
and also what are your objectives with
this business. When your business
strategy is crystal clear, everything
else is crystal clear. So you will be
able to turn this business strategy into
the marketing strategy. And the first
core element of the B2B marketing
strategy is the ideal customer profile.
It's slightly different from your target
audience because your target audience is
a bit broader whereas your ICP is a
crystal clear laser targeting on who you
want to work with. So it's ICP stands
Principle 1: The Ideal Customer profile
for ideal customer profile. So basically
it's who you would love to work with the
most. If you already have clients, you
can look at your past 10 clients that
had the best performance. So who you
were able to help the most? You also
need to ask, do I really enjoy working
with them and do I feel that I'm really
helping them? When you have this ICP,
everything else is much clearer. So the
main question is who can you help the
most with your solution? Now, if you
don't have clients yet and you want to
build your portfolio of clients, you're
going to ask yourself a series of
question in order to identify your ICP.
First, you can have a look at
demographics, of course, but it's not
the most pertinent for B2B. Then, you
can have a look at thermographics. So,
basically the elements that describe the
company, the size of the company, the
location of the company, the growth
rate, the number of employees and so on.
You can have a look at LinkedIn Sales
Navigator in order to do this. It will
help you to define your ICP more
clearly. Then you can have a look at a
more specific level. You can check the
job titles of your target audience. So
here I really recommend to go really
deep in the targeting because if you say
we are targeting CEO is too broad. It
might sound like a good idea because CEO
are the decision makers but the problem
is that they are so busy and everyone is
already targeting them. So if you can be
more specific with your ICP, you can
target CMOs or maybe CRO, chief revenue
officer or maybe you can even go to
lower level with marketing managers for
example or even assistant to CTO or
finance managers. You see you need to
define a job title that you really want
to work with. Of course it can be one,
two or three different job titles
depending on who you are working with.
Also keep in mind that they will have a
different job title depending on the
size of the company. So if you are
working with solopreneurs well they are
alone so that's easy. Then you havememes
then you have midm market up market and
enterprise. So if you are looking to
work with the decision makers when you
are at the enterprise level most of the
time you cannot work directly with the
CMO. So you have to work with one of the
marketing managers or one of the VP. It
might not be the same for a mid-market
company with not a lot of employees. So
you have the thermographics and the job
titles, but you also need to have in
mind that your ICP doesn't end here. You
need to have a look at what are their
objective key results or cars. Then you
need to know what is their job to be
done. So in their job offer, they agreed
to do a job and you need to know if what
you are selling fits inside their scope
of work. Because if you are talking
about finance to a marketing manager,
they will tell you this is not me that
is taking care of that. So the CMO is
not your ICP in this case. So when you
answer all those questions, you know who
is your ICP and then you can adapt the
rest of your marketing strategy. But
keep in mind this very important thing.
If your ICP is not clear, the rest of
your marketing strategy will not be
clear as well. For example, if you have
three different ICPS that are very
different, it would be very hard for you
to write your messaging strategy because
you will have to say three different
things to three different people. So,
let's say you have to do a LinkedIn
post. The question is what should I say?
Should I talk to ICP 1, 2, or three, and
which me stage should I use? You see,
that's why you need to have a very
specific ICP. And here, it's all about
making a decision and forgetting about
the fear of missing out and just
focusing on one ICP. Now the second core
principle that I want to talk about for
your B2B marketing strategy is the value
proposition. So let's start from the
problem of your target audience of your
ICP. If you are not solving a pure
problem, your value proposition will
Principle 2: Crafting your Value Proposition (PURE problem)
have a low perceived value. Let me
explain. So a pure problem stands for
painful, urgent, recognized and
expensive. So painful is that on their
day-to-day basis they feel that they are
not doing something correctly. So it's
painful. It's also urgent. They feel
they need to solve it urgently really
soon. Depending on the size of their
company it can be 1 week, 3 months, 6
months because for a big company 6
months is urgent but for a very small
company or a soloreneur urgent is more
like one week. Then recognize it means
that they know they have this problem.
They are at least a bit educated about
the problem and they know they need to
fix it. And e expensive you've guessed
it it's costing them money, resources
and energy. So once you've identified
this pure problem, you should of course
adapt your product solution and offer to
fix it. But also it has an impact on
your marketing strategy and especially
your value proposition. So your value
proposition is simply how you going to
solve this problem and add value to
their day-to-day and to their long-term
business and also how you going to do it
differently from the competition. I'm
going to talk a bit later in this video
about positioning and your USP. But keep
in mind that it's really linked to your
value proposition. So in order to write
your value proposition, you need to have
of course an ICP. You need to know their
problem and then you need to say exactly
how you going to help them fix this
problem. So let's say you are selling uh
SAS for financial decision. You could
say I help CFOs that struggle with
scattered financial data by providing
them a dashboard where they can
centralize all the financial data in
order to make decisions and talk
directly with the CEO and the board. So
you see here I have my ICP the CFO I
also have the problem you know when
there are data everywhere let's say in a
company with 200 people and they have to
check emails check uh different excels
and so on it's a very pure problem for
them and also I explain how I fix it
with my product and I target directly
the CFO here because they are the owner
of this problematic and they need to fix
it I'm not targeting the CEO here so you
can use the same template in order to
write your value proposition I help ICP
who face problem by doing value
proposition. This way you will have a
value proposition statement and based on
this everything else will be clear.
Remember if your ICP is not clear it's
impossible to write this value
proposition statement. So get back to
step one if you feel that everything is
blurry right now. Now let's talk about
core principle number three. It's
positioning and messaging. So it's two
different concepts but I put them
together because positioning without
messaging doesn't make any sense. You
will understand why now. So first you
have to write a desired positioning
Principle 3: Positioning & Messaging explained
statement. The question is very simple.
How do you want to be perceived by your
target audience and your ICP? You have
your market with all the different
competitors and among this competition
how do you want your audience and your
ICP to perceive you? What keywords do
they have in mind when they think about
you? What product? What feature? what
specific differentiation we have in
mind. So you need to write down this
positioning statement and of course it
can be really long but you can also make
it short in order to have something you
can remember all the time. And then when
you have this desired positioning
statement you can write your messaging
strategy because your desired
positioning is just something you have
in your mind. But in order to make it
real you need to make sure that everyone
in your market knows about what you're
selling, what you're doing and what is
your vision. Okay. So basically you're
going to write your messaging strategy
with three different messages and one
core message. So your core message can
become the H1. So the headline of your
homepage and also you have three other
sub messages that will help you to
explain a bit more about this headline
and about the core value proposition. So
basically imagine if you were in an
elevator and you had 2 minutes to pitch
your business, your startup, your offer
to your ICP. What would you say exactly?
What is first your headline? So what do
you do and how you help them? What
problem you solve? So go back to the
pure problem in order to include it
inside your messaging. And also what
exactly is inside your solution and why
it's different and why it's good. So
basically your messaging strategy, it's
here to convince them to start working
with you. So with this messaging
strategy, what you're going to do is to
deploy all your messages across all the
different channels, your websites, your
LinkedIn, your YouTube, your blog, your
podcast, and so on. And what is
important is that you have consistency
with this messaging. Consistency first
across channel. It needs to be the exact
same message across all the different
platforms. And second, consistency
across time. Because if you change your
messages every 2 weeks, people will not
understand what you are doing and your
positioning will be totally diluted
because it's by reusing the same
messages over and over that you forge
clear strong positioning. So that's why
messaging and positioning are really
linked together. Now let's talk about
the principle number four which is your
offer. So your offer to put it really
simply is what happens exactly after the
sale until the end of the delivery
process. So first is the onboarding and
Principle 4: Building a signature Offer
the end is the outboarding. What are all
the different steps that will happen in
order to bring your ICP from their
current limitation which is a problem
they have to a new desired situation
with a positive outcome. So your offer
first you're going to write what I call
a playbook. So basically if you are a
marketing agency for example and you
want to help SAS to get more demos
you're going to write exactly how you're
going to do this for them. What are all
the steps that you will take. Okay. Then
when you have all those different steps
you're going to zoom out a bit and
explain what are the main patterns and
the main roads inside this playbook. And
this will create the milestones of your
offer. So first we're going to do A in
order to then do B and then do C. And
because we will do ABC, you will be able
to get D. And because you get D, you
will have the desired outcome that you
promise. And if you don't get it, we
will do ABC until you get it for no
additional charge. You see here, this is
an offer. And I also added a guarantee
in order to increase my sales closing
rate. Now, of course, you need to attach
to this offer a name. So, this is called
a naming. You need to make sure that it
looks good, it sounds good, and it
sounds different than the competition.
Second, you need to package it in a way
with design, with copyrightiting and so
on that increase the perceived value.
That's really the job of a copyriter and
a marketer. And third, the price
obviously. So pricing should be based
depending on different factors. I could
do a whole video about pricing. You can
tell me in the comments if this is
interesting for you, but basically you
need to keep in mind that the price will
also depend on the price of the pure
problem. Let me give you an example. If
you are solving a problem for the CFO,
as I was explaining earlier, and this
problem is costing them millions of
dollars, if you're charging $20,000 per
year, it's a good decision for them. So,
it's not really about the time that you
will spend to build the dashboard for
them. It's more about what pain you will
take out from their day-to-day. Okay?
So, this is basically called value based
pricing. You have other types of
pricing, for example, uh costbased
pricing or feature based pricing. You
also now have with all the different AI
tools uh the pricing that is based on
each request with margin that you put on
top. So you have different pricing
strategies and you need to make sure
that it also match your ICP. If you sell
50,000 softwares to a solar runner,
obviously it won't work for the core
principle number five. I'm going to talk
about the pull versus push marketing. So
when you have your marketing strategy in
place with your ICP, your value
proposition, your offer and also your
positioning and messaging, now you need
to execute this strategy with different
Principle 5: Pull vs Push Marketing tactics
tactics. So you could use LinkedIn, you
could use emails, etc. In order to
organize this, I propose you to use the
pull versus push marketing framework. So
pull it's simply that you're going to
attract customers to you and push is
you're going to outreach to customer in
order to get them inside your company.
So it's good to have a different mix of
pull and push. Why? Because if you only
do pull, you don't have 100% control on
your marketing. But if you're doing only
push, you might be too aggressive and so
you might burn your brand or even worse,
don't create a brand at all. So let me
give you different tactics with pull and
push. So pull my favorite tactics right
now is LinkedIn content, YouTube
content, and a newsletter. You can also
have SEO, but keep in mind that you need
to have a strategy to adapt your SEO to
the LLM. So all the different AI tools
in order to make sure you appear in
those LLMs. You can also have a podcast.
And you see here, the most important is
to create content, have a content
ecosystem with different channels, and
make sure you have CTAs in all your
content. So you send traffic to your
landing pages or to your website on the
push side. So first you can do cold
outbound. So basically send emails. But
what is even better is to do warm
outbound. So basically you're going to
collect intent from your pool marketing
tactics. Hey this person visited our
pricing page or our LinkedIn profile. So
we should contact them. And here you are
use the warm outbound as a push tactic.
Also, you can use this push tactic with
social DMs basically on LinkedIn or even
on Instagram or Twitter for example. So,
you're going to contact them directly in
the social media rather than contacting
them by email because emails are a bit
flooded right now. And of course, a very
good push marketing tactic is paid ads.
So, with paid ads, you can do cold paid
ads to people that don't know you. But
in B2B, I really recommend to start from
retargeting ads. So when someone visit
your website, you will then retarget
them thanks to a pixel that track their
visits. You can retarget them on
LinkedIn, Google, YouTube and also on
Meta. So with Instagram and Facebook
here, you make sure that they see your
product or your offer multiple times.
And remember that consistency is very
important in your messaging as I
explained earlier. So with this pull
versus push framework, you will be able
to organize your marketing tactics. Make
sure that you start from uh not too many
tactics. Overall, you will try to do too
many different things and ultimately you
will do nothing this way. So, what I
recommend is to start from LinkedIn
content, a newsletter and let's say uh
social selling, so sending DMs. This way
you have a good starter pack in order to
close clients. All right. So those are
the five foundation for your marketing
strategy that you should use in order to
create a road map that will help you to
attract clients for your B2B business.
If you enjoyed this video, make sure to
like it and ask your question in the
comments so I will be able to help you
in details. You can also have a look at
this free guide where I help you to set
up the marketing foundations for your


